---
title: "thfrzf77ac86f39d24fac9549382ffc0a6e3d"
date: 2022-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

01-00-2022 Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Over the weekend, this article about Mexico caught my attention.Basically, #Mexico jumped on the #CBDC bandwagon and claims it will have something out by 2024.Hmmm &#129300;. Ok.So, here is my take away. Our southern neighbor that supplies a sizable portion of the physcial labor force in the US is postulating about puting their #BlueDog in #theTruatlessDacade's #currencywar.&nbsp;Who didn't see that coming. 2022 is just starting and more countries with will also pose throught PR posts.What really got the #carnival&#127904; going was the reference to the Mexican Banking Association's study. They are promoting CBDCs as a tool for #financialInclusion for 53% of the Mexican population who don't have a bank account.Translation&#128483;️:There is a shit ton of pesos out there (economic activity), that banks are not tapping in on and they want their cut. The local cartels should be worried. The gangsters in suites are coming.Not to mention, why let people live debt free when you can provide government sanctioned #FinancialServices aka #DebtInstruments. Not that unofficial loansharking stuff cartels do.I wonder how this will play into Mexico cutting back on there oil exports? They announced that last month, BTW.That's something will learn as the year moves forward and local ⛽ prices go up &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Nonetheless, shout out to all Mexican, originals, 1st and 2nd plus generations who crossed the imaginary line. You have a work ethic second to none. Which makes me wonder about this guy Samson.#Trekkw2ks #MoneyTalk #P0verB #PoketheBear #DebtSlavaryPosted 1.5.2021LinkedIn: link
