---
title: "tjgz6336155689ebe404fa162d3fd29f9d21b"
date: 2021-01-07
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.07.2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,What do the Rainbows End (book by Vernor Vinge, just finished it), Johnny Mnemonic (movie w/Keanu Reeves, didn't read the original short story yet), and Netflix's #BlackMirror have in common?Aside from being the physical out put of some really creative minds.They all center around 24 hour digital connectivity.in general, sci-fi uses words and imagery, they to take us into the future dazzling us with new technologies while introducing to the reader's/viewer's conscious to new social norms center around the tech.Don't believe me?In Rainbows End the majority of society wear contacts called "wear". They are used to communicate like a phone. And you can find out the information on anything just by looking at it. More importantly, if you don't "wear", you're seen as strange and old fashion. And I'm not even going to get started about the cameras in the clothes. Now ask yourself this question. What do you think when you see someone pull out a #flipphone? &#128580;Last night, I was talking about about Johnny Mnemonic and how funny it was that his cybernetic implant base storage was 60GB. He doubled it to 120 and was over loaded with 320GB of data. In 2020 a budget smart phone came with 64GB. No memory loss needed. Ironically, think about how many things are stored on you're phone that you forget about &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.And then there's Black Mirror. I mean, pick an episode in any season. great series but it the same outlook. How about we try something? Take an inventory of you're emotional and mental state right now. Then go look at #Facebook or the news for 30 mins. And then take a mental E/M inventory after. Let me know how that goes, smh.Behind all the techie wizardry, truth is they're all dystopic as f&cent;k. And 24 hour tech connectivity sounds kool until you're having sex with your partner and Alexi keeps chiming in to answer "who's your..."Remember, #smartdevices always listen and record.Tamra Groff Bitcoin Magazine Bruce Bates Silvana Ortega Sierra Anne T. Griffin Patricia (PE) Edwards Barbara Bickham Ryan Cooper Keir Finlow-Bates &#128268;Stephen Brent Sargeant&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; #Trekkw2ks #cyberpunk #SciFi #RamdonThoughts #IoT #QualitativeObserbations #theCarnival&#127904; #AudioBooksandBuild&nbsp;link