---
title: "thfrz6e0b9b611b9d40078af613e6f8d6de86"
date: 2022-01-04
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.04.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Let's take a quick trip down memory lane. It's 1995 power suites with board shoulder are the fashion standard from the corporate office to the big screen. Personally, I'm wasn't a fan of the style.&nbsp;Now to the question at hand. Anyone remember the movie #JhonnyMnemonic. A young keanu Reeves was a accending to stardom. In the #cypgerpunk theme film, Reeves played Johnny, a #datacourier.But why bring that up now? Well, the acting was HORRIBLE. The screen play was arguably a lobotomy of the book. And by today's standards of special effects were &#128169; compared to what can be done on a tablet today.However, the bigger the outlook on technology is spot on. And just for reference, the business of selling books online started in 1995. For those of us old enough to remember it was the start of #Amazon.&nbsp;Here are some things that caught my attention while rewatching it over the weekend:1️⃣&nbsp; A network that connects people globally. Johnny called it the #net. We call it the #internet.2️⃣ A virtual world where people interact in cyberspace. The #metaverse.&nbsp;3️⃣ And the device that allows you to visualize the 3d world. Hmm, the #Oculus.4️⃣ My personal fav character of the story, the lowtech T-Bone. A cypherpunk who shares information to help people fight back against corporatism. Arguably, Satoshi Nakamoto.5️⃣ The #GhostInTheMachine Anna kalmann, aka advanced #AI.There's other things but I figure you get the point. Bad acting but great from a techie pov.As a closer I'll leave you with this.Best line in the movie "I want room service!!!" You have to watch it to get it, lol.#Trekkw2ks #Web3 #cypherpunk #decentralized #pokethebear