---
title: "tjgz6ab51e0e7234042e996afe68499f6a9cd"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.11.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So, here's part ✌&#127998;of the creation process for #CostodialLs' 1st mint #PokeTheBear.For the most part, when people think of NFTs it's about the artistic aspect while ignoring the tech behind it. For 3D and myself the visual component was important, but the bigger goal was to educate people about the history of some players in the space.On the back end, we incorporated #webarchives, #tinyurls, #IPFS and used 3 different blockchains. You can find the #PokeTheBear #NFT on #Tezos, #Wax, #Polygon.Most people have a fav network. Believe it or not, some people don't like Open Sea. While others never heard of Wax. The point is we made options.The project isn't about a money grab. Education is one part of it. But you can't force educate people. Ideally, we want to find like-minded folks who can appreciate education through #popculture but more importantly understand the value of combing these disruptive&nbsp; technologies.We're inverting what #SatoshiNakamoto did on the Bitcoin blockchain's #GenesisBlock after the 08 recession. We capturing historical moments in the crypto space that can't be taken down by just closing a website. We've put the uncensorable data on the backend with a "JPEG" on the front end.&nbsp; &nbsp;Technically speaking, what we're doing can be done for any type of historical event or data for that matter.&nbsp;So, how is it combined?1. We used web archives from #waybackmachine to find the articles that were published online about the companies.2. Then we put them into #TinyURLs. BTW, that's a #cypherpunk rabbit &#128007; hole for how that tech works.&nbsp;3. We #minted on the blockchains using the market place's creation tool.&nbsp;4. The #metadata is a short explainer of the idea behind the project, names the company on the hat the &#128059; is wearing, provides the tiny URLs for the publications, and the content hash ID that points to the #GIF file on #IPFS network.&nbsp;5. We used 3 different blockchains. Each one has a different bear &#128060; wearing the hat and using the stick. 25 mints per chain.&nbsp;I know some people are reading this and asking "ok, so what's the utility or how does this make money?"&nbsp;Honestly, the art is funny but we don't know don't know if people will agree with what we see as utility or value in the backend. And the goal wasn't to make money to begin with. We're putting this out there as a none speculative education tool.&nbsp;As I've been saying, it's all about trial and error while failing forward.&nbsp;More to come as we learn.#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #Doug3D #Web3 #geeks #nerds #NoCapTable #coinbase #binance #ftxFTX bearlink