---
title: "u3p943ab2262920c143a2a867c50d9d237aa3"
date: 2022-01-19
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.19.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,2022 is apuon us, the #BitcoinProtocol is officially a teenager (13 years old), and will turn 20 before the end of #theTrustlessDecade.What will a matured Bitcoin ecosystem look like?&nbsp;Honestly, not sure &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.&nbsp; I'll leave that &#129340;&zwj;♂️ to #bitcoinmaxies and other crypto &#128720; like Samson Williams, lol.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My bigger concern for the second decade of crypto is how will #DeFi develop?I know the business and #compliance folks say, "we'll its going to get regulated like everything else." In part, hoping so because that gives them #jobsecurity, but we're not going to get into that here.&nbsp;I'm not going to beat the&nbsp; #cypherpunk drum. But I don't think it will play out like people think.Largely, because of this gentleman you see in the picture with me. His name is Reggie Middleton. He's one of the people I specifically went to see at #TheNorthAmericanBitcoinConference in #Miami, FL.Why?&nbsp;Well a funny thing happened last month. The #USPatentOffice awarded Reggie patent US20170187535A1. Which was filed back in 2014. Around the same time #Ethereum was born.What's so special about it you ask? 1. As Reggie explains it, it covers distributed technology that allow for P2P exchange of value.2. It's nearly 10 years after being granted his Japan patent JP6813477B2 by the #JPO.3. There has been no major coverage of this new development in the media and what it means for #DeFi.4. On face value it looks like everything from #Ethereum to #Uniswap, and even Ripple have infringed on his patent. &#128483;️ all patent lawyers far and wide. Thoughts?TBC, yes my #cypherpunk senses are tingling and #theCarnival&#127904; lights up with questions.1. How do you patent #opensource technology? 2. Does this cover DeFi even though the word isn't used in the patent?3. Is this going to help or hurt the space?4. Will the #SEC and #DoJ actually acknowledge and enforce the patent?5. Who will be the first centralized company to do business with Reggie.6. What company will put up the biggest fight?7. More importantly, will he get a fair shake this go around?I know some of you are like that's the "fraud" guy the SEC went after. DYOR, but the fraud accusation is a legal tactic used to gain larger investigative powers. And the public smear campaign was textbook, IMO. I may not agree with the whole patenting aspect of what we call decentralized technologies. Nonetheless, the patent has been granted. And I do understand this is&nbsp; business for folks who like to play with in the #WalledGarden. But what about outside the garden?&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; #Trekkw2ks #TNABC #PoverB #Veritaseum #CryptoMiami #PokeTheBears #FoundarionalTechnology&nbsp;link