---
title: "u3p94593001300d974c07a5c2935d9117f9ff"
date: 2022-01-13
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.13.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,#College is one of the most expensive ways to network. And in the states most people go into debt for 15 plus years just to socialize.So, now that I got that out the way. Let me talk about this convo from last night.Let me give some background. A friend&nbsp; from Philly (he's my hardcore cypherpunk consciousness), posted on #Twitter, he was doing a zoom, come join if you dear. Remember who I said this friend is.I leave a #TwitterSpaces to join the Zoom.And it was worth it. Why?Because, I was reintroduced to Joe Leska. I came in on the part about #darkpools. Which I thought was interesting, because earlier that day the topic was floating around Telegram.&nbsp;Sidenote, you compliance folks think crypto is the think to worry about for bad actors. Try scratching traditional finance and where dark pools fit in,&#128007;&#128371;️.I got to exchange with Joe for about 20 mins. During which I pointed out as always, our friend in common knows some interesting people. Funny thing, he didn't pay a college fee to build his network.So, about last night's talk. This is a few days after the zoom btw. Obviously, I'm not giving sentence for sentence here. But I will say, we covered a number of topics. From his #WallSt days in the trading pit to #SPACs and how they connect to samson and George fav subject the #SpaceEconomy. I even learned we had another dear friend in common. He has passed (pre the C19 stuff) and was arguably one of the early pioneers in blockchain based #P2E gaming. Least to say, I enjoyed the conversation.Joe I look forward to having more conversations and building our rapport.&nbsp;Life lession, nothing bets direct engagement to build a network. But the high value one takes time based on continuous interaction. And can be done without going into debt.#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #NetworkBuilding #InvestInPeoplelink