---
title: "u3p94315f027a5cd847b890a24c5516c7319c"
date: 2022-01-18
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.18.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So, I think, I found a new collection thing for crypto conferences. I remember between 2016 to 2019 &#128085; were the thing. For every event there was a shirt. Hell, I've even been to Meetups that had shirts, lol.Nonetheless, I see &#129510; as my new collectable. I have enough shirts.&nbsp;In case you're wondering, I got these for my one day appearance @ #TheNorthAmericanBitcoinConference. No, I wasn't there to speak. Honestly, not my audience.Attending all 3 days would've been ideal. But life only gives you the &#127819; and &#128166;. You have the find sugar, lol. You have to make the lemonade yourself. Aka, make shit happen with what you got. More importantly, I was able to network and catch up with a few friendly faces that I haven't seen in a while.&nbsp;As I keep saying, nothing bets direct interaction with people. Skype (does anyone use that anymore?) and Zoom are convienaint. But at the end of the day nothing bets in-person when building. And when it comes to conferences nothing bets #hallwayscon and after events.Special thanks to Bruce porter for the invite to Versace manson. Just goes to show. You never know where life is gonna take you. Never saw that being a place I'd go.Now back to these socks. For the next event I go. If the swag &#128717;️ don't got socks that minus 5 pts for the whole event.Tamra cleve#Trekkw2ks #TNABC #BTCMiami#ThinnkersnDoers&nbsp;#buildingrapport&nbsp;