---
title: "tjgz65fa60b3760284fa6932486999c585258"
date: 2022-01-12
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.12.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Woke up to a Twitter post covering #FedReserve's Powell meeting with #Congress on Tuesday. The picture you see actually from the #Bloomberg article the tweet references.And as you can tell it's another case of mainstream frustration for me.I tell people all the time, listen carefully to the words people use in when talking about blockchain/crypto. In my experience there are a number of things you can tell about person by the words used when talking about the space. But for now I'll stick to what I marked in the mini article.The presidents "Working Group" on Financial Markets is side way painting the community (ies) with one brush. Aka framing everyone in the space as "investors". It's about the verbage people! That's what limits or expand how and what people understand about a topic.For the regulators, #stablecoins are the proverbial low hanging fruit of the space. Why? Because it's used in a way that touches the traditional financial system.Making the logic of jurisdiction very simple. It has a function that touches what we regulate. So we can relate that too.There 2 issues I have with this logic.1. The focus is only on one aspect of the technology. Ignoring the other technical differences between stablecoins and digital &#128181; used now.2. It's a samson &#128293;take. Focusing on 1 part of the use case function and ignoring everything else. Just because a number of people are using it one way. It doesn't negate the other functions of the technology and people ability to use them.I'm going to cut this before it turns into a rant/ramble.When people in first tier countries tell you "you can't live off crypto" and "stablecoins can only be used one way. Remember them the majority of people on the floating dirt ball called#earth live without #creditcards or a bank account.&nbsp;People make a way to meet there needs and wants. Even out side #theWalledGarden.#Trekkw2ks #schematics #BlueDogs #wordsmatter ##FedTalk #CBDCslink