---
title: "u6co38f8dc893be01419fbb2a7b62b66019f2"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.24.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I tell people all the time, I can't make up the stuff that happens to me. The universe has a strange sense of humor and all I can do is sit back and lol.That brings me to the picture of&nbsp; pregnancy looking test, that's not a Murray episode waiting to happen. That is a Rona pos &#128567; my friends. Honestly, not sure how I'd feel having a &#128118;&#127998; at this stage of life. I worry enough about the current ones. And there is wayyy too much dump shit going on in the &#127757; to add one. But I digress.So, back to the universe being a &#129313; and its timing. I followed up with all the people I interacted with. Including fam, only 1 other person tested post and had the same symptoms as me. Everyone either had nothing or felt something for 1 day. Go figure.And while I was fighting the flu on coke. Over the weekend #BTC price dropped. And then to see it at $33k-ish this morning. #JesusTakeWheel, lol. So me new believers are cursing god and hoping they're spouse doesn't divorce them. I &#129315; but in all seriousness, if 2022 repeats 2018's #CryptoWinter in conjunction with other economic wows. That will be the reality for some. Welcome to 2022 and the world of crypto&#128372;&#127998;.Now, back to this lady named #Rona. Last Jan thanks to over zealous idiots, political virtue signaling, and signing the dotted line. I had to deal with everything the day after the 6th. Aside form all the other oh-shit-moments that went on. I got my first taste of covid. Luckily, I could still taste. I don't know how my inner fat boy would've dealt with losing taste.But to the point, one year later I get to do the&#128378;&#127998;again. And just like the first go. It's right before my birthday &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Yes, the universe is a &#129313;.#Trekkw2ks #Omicron #Variant #Aquarius #MyBirthday #theTrustlessDecade&nbsp;