---
title: "u6co3122c9cd4ecbc47a3b6227ffb9e3a6b91"
date: 2022-01-30
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.30.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,If you ever looked at my tablet, you'd see no less than 10 tabs open on 3 different browsers. It's a normal thing for those who live on mobile and desktop screens.In one of those windows are a few #Youtube tabs. The subjects range from news to the #woowoo stuff. One tab was for a documentary that I've been meaning to watch for a few weeks now. It's call BBS (Bulletin Board System) Documentary by Jason Scott published in 2005.Well, I finally got around to it this weekend. And man it was amazing to learn about the BBS sense and how it developed before the internet. The doc breaks down the tech and number of the major and miner figures in the movement that grew into a short lived industry.While watching it, I realized a few things:1. Power is a hell of a drug. Geeks and nerds are no different than jocks.2. BBS #Sysops are today's community managers of #Discord and moderators on YouTube without the rockstar status.3. The tribalism that developed in BBS movement is repeating itself in the blockchain/crypto space to a T.4. Technology stands still for no one, even if you're a founding pioneer. You can be left in the dust.5. The ability of #WallstDaddys to sniff out money opportunities is on par with &#128055;s used for #TruffleHunting.6. Humans' yearning to&nbsp; communicate across distance has always been a thing. Before this we used things drums, birds, and smoke.&nbsp;7.&nbsp; Centralized and decentralized technologies have always been a balancing act of convieniance, monetary gain, vs sovereignty.8. #Superusers will always be out numbered by regular end users of any technology when scaled based on convenience.So, I'll end the list there. There were a number of other things that popped up in #theCarnival&#127904;, but that enough for now.I guess the point to this post is, we humans have a knack of repeating ourselves which is arguably in our nature.#Trekkw2k #History #Internet #Web3Post 1.31.2022link