---
title: "thfrz26fdace41c8c48e8be04016cfedfa211"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

01.03.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Last week, I was driving through this side of town and noticed this store front.In #mainstream news, I keep hearing how the  #stockmarket is doing great. The economy is in a recover phase. People are selling their homes above listing price. And entrepreneurship is the new career move causing the #GreatResignation.So, I question have a question for you smarter folks. Does this count as a economic indicator for #Baltimore?&nbsp;Please, make sure to read the sign.Now, for those of you who've never been to this type of business &#128521;. Their costumer base spend primarily in #cash. I've been told a major reason for that is #privacy. And the minority use #creditcard or #debitcard to purchase products. This particular establishment had been here for a number of years and didn't even have a #ATM, ironically.&nbsp;So, of course the #Carnival&#127904; lights up and I have questions. Questions kept popping up when I first saw the place. I drive back Sunday morning to take the picture for this post. If you've been to Baltimore and driven route 40, then you know it's a real place.Now about these questions. If this is a economic indicator, what does this indicate?&nbsp;1. Did traditional cash users start buying online?&nbsp;2. Are strip club facing the same issue?3. Does privacy not matter any more when it comes to purchasing such products?4. Are these types of business models out dated for they product they sell?5. What are people spending their cash on instead?I don't have answers. And because people act like prudes in public and show their nature behind clothes doors. I believe this is a sign people will generally ignore. Which leads me to another question. How many other real world indicators are present that most people don't pay attention to?#Trekkw2ks #Bmore #economics #QualitativeObservation #MainStreet #adultstore #Sunday #2022