---
title: "eodp2d4bdf604306c4a139520d0fe1b6d44ca"
date: 2021-02-08
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

02-08-2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128075;&#127998;,Over the weekend, this @Reuters's article came across my feed (not on linkedin).At first, I didn't pay any attention to it, but I kept seeing references pop up in the #twitterverse. Shout outs to naomi brockwellSo, now I'm a curious &#128008; on what was said in the original article.&nbsp;Low and behold, I read the article by John O'Donnell. Yes, I'm about to through someone under the &#128653;. Beep beep.Why? Because it makes no sense in 2021 this #clickbate title is put out by someone who is covers #fintech. This is 100% clickbate."Police seize $60 million of bitcoin! Now, where's the password?"Here's the link: linkA third grader can googly all the #FREE information out there about how the title is wrong. You can't "seize" what you don't have access to, namely the #privatekeys needed to access the wallet. And this is why the crypto community doesn't take main stream news seriously.&nbsp; The irony is the mini-article explains how the prosecutors couldn't get the funds but magically are able to keep the guy from his "largesse" aka &#128176;. Like how?WTH, kind of reporting is this? Oh, one more person for the &#128652;. The editor, Pravin Char.&nbsp;Why would you sign of on this?What frustrates me is the narrative being promoted to the masses who trust the "smart people" to provide them with the right information.&nbsp;For the folks who argue say he's a criminal, it also states in the article he served his time. I'm not going to get into how the charge used isn't applicable to what he was doing, technically.The point of it all, criminal or not, #NotYourKeysNotYourCrypto. It's a feature for a reason. Don't let them convince you otherwise.&nbsp;#Trekkw2ks #BSCryptoNews&nbsp;