---
title: "w3e491b002701bcb44783b11bf167ded7f6ed"
date: 2022-02-03
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.03.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I've said it more than once Twitter is the place where crypto news flows (in near real time). And joining quality group(s) on telegram doesn't hurt either. If you're not one of these, by the time you hear about the crypto story, it's too late.Generally, you've missed the &#128674; to get in on a &#128176; or escape a #RugPull.Case in point, yesterday in a group on telegram, someone shared a article about #Ukraine doing a #Airdrop for people who donated crypto. I read the article and saw nothing but red flags and voiced my concerns with others in the group.Low and behold, I'm watching the The Gentlemen of Crypto (YouTube channel) and King (the host) shares Cointelegraph article about the Vice Prime Minister canceling the airdrop and instead setting up a NFT project. Shout outs to #Cointelegraph for catching this story.&#128483;️BIIIITCOOOOOOONEEEECT!!!Sorry if you don't get that reference, think #RugPull aka people got scammed. And it was by the Ukrainian gov.More importantly, I've been driving this point for a few weeks now. Like people, governments are FREE to use the tech as they see fit. And like it or not, this is part of the growing pains for crypto on the cobblestone road to #MassAdoption.And for those who are thinking people can just ask for a refund. That's not how crypto works, lol. There's no #CeFi company as a middle man. People we're sending directly from their wallets to the wallet posted by the VPM.&nbsp;Food for thought about timing. A fake airdrop happened right before the official airdrop was suppose to happen. Let's say the gov "reconsidered" doing the drop because of the scammer. The time it takes to setup a NFT project doesn't just happen in a few hours. I'm cosigning the point King made this morning. Either they never planned to do the drop and/or the NFT part was in the works from the start.Welcome to another day in the world of crypto folks.PS: ICOs maybe illegal in the states but it doesn't mean other governments can't scam people.#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #HumansSuck #BateandSwitchlink