---
title: "v7xm95880db65ffe74694a1102c0b7195d963"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

02.06.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,It's been said time and time again crypto time is crypto time. You miss a week in crypto news, you missed a month of developments.&nbsp; I'll caveat that with it depends on what (or who) your news source is and your AoI(s).Case in point, the Reggie Middleton patents for #DLT that is receiving very little to no coverage and what it could mean to the crypto space.&nbsp;But his story isn't the point of this point of this particular post. I did cover that here if you missed it.linkNonetheless, I have this question for all the "cryptos is just a bubble" and "governments won't support it" people. Granted #ElSalvador is doing what it's doing with #BTC, but that's not my point either.The❓ is, what happens when a country with respect on its name in the international streets (and a sizable military) endorses #stablecoins? Well, wonder no more. Because that's what the #BankofRussia just did for the great &#128059;. A Swiss based physical mining company name ATOMYZE LLC&nbsp; was given the green light to "issue and exchange digital financial assets" based on prescious metals. They're talking about stablecoins people. It's only the 2nd month in 2022 and Russia just did a power play. #theTrustlessDecade just got a little more interesting, IMO.I don't know about you, but my #carnival&#127904; was light up when I heard this story over the weekend.Why? There's so many new things to consider and its impact in and beyond the crypto space.1. What will this mean for stablecoins in the space at large? i.e. traders #CEX, and DEX.2. Are we witnessing the 2.0 version of stablecoins?3. Guess what this means for SWIFT and US sanctioning countries they don't like?4. Guess what happens when they connect to CIPS and countries start adopting it?5. And what 2 countries have been hording gold for more than the life space of the #BitcoinProtocol?I take this as a reminder that the crypto doesn't exist in a vacuum.&nbsp;Last thing, welcome to the crypto space, here's another #realitycheck for what the road to mass adoption actually looks like. We may not like all of what's being done or how. But it doesn't matter because like people, governments are free to use the technology too.Anthony "Pomp" Pompliano Carlos Martins Tamra Groff Keir Finlow-Bates Ryan "Coop D'Ville" Cooper Jeanine Hightower-Sellitto Bettinna &#128050; Nicole Villa Jonathan C. Dunsmoor Jonathan Brathwaite&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; #Trekkw2ks #PayAttention #CryptoNews #P0verBBTW, this is the link for the full article which explained more than CoinDesk when the story first came out.https://wtvbam.com/2022/02/03/russian-cenbank-gives-atomyze-licence-to-manage-digital-financial-assets/posted on 2.7.22 linkedin post: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_dlt-elsalvador-btc-activity-6896486569952559104-8jsD