---
title: "vr07iaeefd7e9bedd4c01a72b613a0ee5b6b1"
date: 2022-02-14
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.14.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So, here's update on the book SGT Trekk: Joes and Cryptos Without The AR Bullshit.I wrote out a introduction and started the sections on blockchain and wallets. IMHO, they all suck so far. But on a good note, I have an artist willing to do my book cover. I help them get into NFTs.&nbsp;Investing in people for the win!!!Ok, on another note that relates to the book, I promise. I guest hosted on&nbsp;link&nbsp;(my friend Cryptoblood's YouTube channel) livestream during the #SuperBowl.&nbsp; The running joke between me and the other hosts is that I "don't do price talk" when it comes to crypto. My logic is very simple, I don't know how to do TA. And like everyone else, I know price goes up and price goes down. Oh and since I've tried trading and lost money. It makes no sense to have that be a thing I'm known for.However, I do troll @twitter at times about the rollercoaster of BTC's price action.Ok, ok. Here's the connection. One of the guest host (Defiant) made the point about the money narrative of crypto and it's impact on #MassAdoption. I acknowledged, I &#128175; agree it has influence. This made me think about the book and the target audience.&nbsp;The average person coming into crypto isn't being introduced to it via the access the technology provides. The &#129365; they see about is price. The louder voice is about big wins, money raised by VCs and NFT sales. Then there's the big losses with hacks and scams now reaching into the billions.Arguably, aside from pay grade, a full bird (5 Start General) #is on the same level as a fuzzy (Private with not rank) when it comes to entering the space. They don't know how the tech work and will only learn enough to buy a crypto they heard can make &#128176;.Which brings me to the book and realizing I've someone ignored the golden military rule of explaining shyt to Joes. It's #KISS and no that's not the 70s rock band. For this in uniform it means Keep It Simple Stupid.&nbsp;I think this is the same type of logic @samson uses. Which is funny cause he never served.Nonetheless, I hope this realization helps me write a better book.#Trekkw2ks #P0verB #ThinkersandDoers #Cryptolifehttps://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_blockchain-wallets-nfts-activity-6898992322328305664-vChh