---
title: "vr07i13ec95d3ad7c4b21a63619373aa5b453"
date: 2022-02-16
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.16.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Rmemeber when I said people have &#128032; &#129504; aka #GoldfishMemory. Will also add it's ten times worst for the media. It's at the #Orwellian levels.So, why do I say this?&nbsp;Well according to all the state side major news outlets and the #Biden administration, #Russia was suppose to invade #Ukraine. They even gave a specific time and date (look &#128021;). Mind you, the vast majority of the #American have no clue where this endangered country is on a map. Most military folks couldn't find it on a map unless they deployed in the region either &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Yet, here we are with no war.So, where's the crypto?Well, I did notice there were a number of articles echoing the #Merica &#129413; verified intel that if/when the &#128059; invades, crypto prices will crash. The #FUD has been real the last 72 hrs.&nbsp;Arguably, this means shyt at the retail level and more at the &#128011; s&nbsp; and institutional level. Everyday people will ape and FOMO in and out of cryptos for anything with the swipe of a finger. Institution on the other hand have to go through a process to make even the smallest change. At the end of the day the tech still works whether boots cross the boarder or not. I'd even go as far to say the #Superbowl had more of an effect on the space than media beating the #warbrums. Since the airing there has been a slump in the #metaverse related tokens.Also, I'd imagine, if you look at the wallet address activity for the last week or so in the region, you'd see increased activity, probably people moving some stuff out of #coldstorage or grabbing a &#128176; or two of crypto. I saw a article pointing out a number of private jets have been flying out of the country. Hmmm, wealthy folks skipping town, maybe? It wasn't clear if they were leaving in fear of the Russians or the Americans though. But I do wonder how many of them had crypto.However, here's my bigger question. If nothing happened and this was a distraction, what were we being distracted from?#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #theTrustlessDecade #WMD #YellowCake #theCarnival&#127904; # #JournalistsLieToolink