---
title: "v7xm962a36654dee543dba8420c94b7b2fd8b"
date: 2022-02-10
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.10.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So, all the "craziness" going on in the space and it just turn Wednesday aka nocoiners mental #Humpday. (not sure if that's a thing but that's #theCarnival&#127904; for you).Incase you missed it a "angle investor" turned rapper collaberated with he BF to allegedly steal $4.5 Billion (present day value) worth of BTC back in the day from #Bitfinex. While the community questions their sloppy privacy practices and rookie hacker mistake Uncle Sam says these two are criminal masterminds. Just remember that's the same uncle who told you about #WMD.And in case you don't have any BTC Maxie friend foaming at the mouth to tell you. The #Kremlin AKA the &#128059; BKA #Russia has a bill in the works that will label BTC (that's the one maxies think the bill is about) as currency. But remember what I say folks, the devil's in the details. And don't forget, I posted earlier about #Bank of Russia green lighting #Stablecoins and #CBDCs.Now about this #metaverse video. Shout out to Jay and Sharon (link to IG at the end), this couple is hilarious. Now, remember what I said about #MassAdoption not looking like what you think. This is a satire, but I promise you what they said will be #s and memes in #theTrustlessDecade. Another interesting thing to note, in Japan and South Korea virtual relationship/families have been happening for like 15 years. And you #GenX babies in the west can't play dumb. You had #Simz. The difference between then and now is the tech has moved beyond #AOL and dialup. The communities are/will scale because the technical barrier to entry is being lowered. And with that open door of #Inclusion. All types of "interesting"people get to connect.Again keep in mind, it's only Wednesday, half way through Q1 of 2022. And this is what the new year is giving us.Link for folks who want to check out Jay and his wife link#Trekkw2ks #Doxxed #Hackers #Gold #CIPS