---
title: "vr07if228efcd20da4d01bf2438968ef432c5"
date: 2022-02-17
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

02.17.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Last night, while rapped up in my hotel robe, I was trolling #Twitter. The time difference really threw me off.Nonetheless, there was a trending topic that caught my &#128064;.Remember how former President Trump made a comment or two about crypto. And then all the maxies were like "Trump hates bitcoin." Yet, somehow after leaving the #Whitehouse, #MelaniaTrump came out with a #NFT collection. &#128587;&#127998;&zwj;♂️* Don't forget the #cobblestone road to #MassAdoption isn't going to look or feel like what you expect.So, why do I bring up the former first lady's "Head of State" NFT collection. Well for what ever reason, the folks over at Bloomberg Wealth decided to "use" a blockchain explorer and "#FollowtheMoney" of the wallet address Trump's team published as the winner of her NFT auction. According to BW, allegedly (they didn't actually show screenshots of the blockchain explorer and I didn't care enough to verify myself), the money of the winning wallet came from the wallet that minted (created) Melania's collection.&nbsp;TBH, I question the point of this article. They sideways say that she #washtraded, which is illegal in traditional finance, but not in the crypto space and is seen as a bad practice. However, it's known to happen in space. Also, the author used a quote by her talking about "the transparency of blockchain". Which makes it sound like either she has no clue what transparency means or the quote wasn't intended for this article and the allegations made. But maybe I could be wrong. Even though #theCarnival&#127904; lights up, it doesn't mean mine's is the brightest.Or maybe this was just a PR piece for Solana. Because aside from describing some of the water color works in the collection. They made sure to talk about the 1,800 #SOL used to purchase the NFT&nbsp; and the $185,000 USD value in January. That's the trick to get people interested in cyrpto, #Web3, #metaverse, and #NFTs. Use #bignumbers.#Trekkw2ks #BadPRessGoodPress #ThinkersandDoers #P0verB #FOMOlinkBloomberg link:https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-02-16/who-won-the-melania-trump-nft-auction-trump-crypto-wallet-linked-to-185k-funds