---
title: "vtxvkd45e4a4615f44fb29c712712d20838a8"
date: 2022-02-23
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.23.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Let's talk toddlers. They're funny little people with no mental barriers about the world and possibilities.They're a great form of entertainment (IMO). Just give them building toys like #legos or blocks. They will try, try, and try again to make the tower shape they saw you make. The really creative ones will do it using different shapes than you.This reminds me of the Blockchain/crypto space. Granted, BTC is a preteen. But arguably, the overall space still has the mentality of a toddler. Nonetheless, they share the trial and error while failing forward mindset.Case in point, not sure what to call him, but Steven Thaler has been trying to get #Copyrights for #AI generated art for a number of years and in multiple jurisdictions. Unfortunately, only 1 country has agreed with him so far and it wasn't the #USCopyrightOffice.Oh and his back story for this is another example of the growing pains of #MassAdoption. He started this crusade because he wanted to stop people from copying his AI generated art. But unfortunately/fortunately most global legal bodies agree that there must be "#HumanAuthorship" in order to grant copyrights. But none are clear on what that means in relation to the human coding that AI.&#129300; is this human protectionism?And I'll end my ramble with a few #theCarnival&#127904; questions:1. Did Thaler create or buy the AI machines? None of what I read answered that.2. Will this case effect the market for AI generated art?&nbsp;And what are the metrics to verify that?3. Is this a #AddedValue for digital art to integrate NFT technology because of&nbsp; #Provenance?4. Will the US grant a copyright for AI generated art during #theTrustlessDecade? Or will it play out like Reggie Middleton #patent for #DLT?&nbsp;&nbsp;#Trekkw2ks #AIMatters #Code #FreeBruce #NFT #Web3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;