---
title: "w3e49d85f53d695314251b725d66a89935906"
date: 2022-02-28
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.28.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Around 130AM, this morning I was being a twitter degen and came across this post.First thought out #theCarnival&#127904; was a question asked by the great Kanye aka Ye: How Sway, how?I have to admit, I had no clue who this was when I first saw the post. If you don't either? He's the Prime Minister of Ukraine and the Minister of #DigitalTransformation. And so the questions start?1. Are they copying Canada playbook?2. Is it a common thing to have two minister positions in foreign governments?3. How much does he really under stand crypto? Fancy title mostly sound nice.4. How many people actually agree with this?And of course the questions can go on.In looking through some of his other posts, there is a interesting&nbsp; pattern. He's been using Twitter to plead directly to companies to sideways push for what are in effect #EconomicSanctions that are targeting the regular citizens of Russia.Again, is he copying Trudeau's playbook of #FollowTheMoney"? Not sure about anyone else, but this looks like a industrial size can of &#128027; are being opened with rusty &#128298;.Are we witnessing new strategy/application of #SocialMedia as #EconomicWarfare?Whether you're a believer or #nocoiner, here's another example of crypto adoption in the real world. Like people, governments are free to use the technology as they see fit. And with that free for all comes some predictable and some unpredictable #GrowingPains.&nbsp;So, remember the cobblestone road to #MassAdoption is going to have shyt on it.PS: if you agree with the Minister's post, I don't think we're in crypto for the same reason(s).#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #SoMelink