---
title: "vtxvk714c873717c24500a78476bcba27d3b8"
date: 2022-02-25
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.25.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I keep saying in terms of the crypto space, #February is a kickass month and it's going out with a &#128165;. The number of crypto related things to happen in the shortest month in the year are &#129327;, IMO. &#128587;&#127998;&zwj;♂️ Should we call it #CryptoMonth instead of #BHM? Yes, I went there and the DMs are open, lol.Oh and just to add fodder to the &#128293;. Scrolling through Twitter this morning and two posts caught my attention. The first was about a transfer of $3Mil worth of #BTC to a #NGO that allegedly supports the #Ukrainan military. Guess what's the first thing that came out #theCarnival&#127904;? 1️⃣ Will #Putin follow the &#129313; ways of #Trudeau and take people's #bitcoin? 2️⃣ Did Trudeau even take people BTC?&nbsp;&nbsp;3️⃣ Did Putin have anything to do with closing the military's #Patron account? &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️Here's the post, if you're interested in reading the thread:&nbsp;linkAnd last thing, I promise.The #DoJ Southern District of New York dropped a press release about the #BitMex case and the charges the founders plead guilty to, which was #BSAviolation. As it reads now, it's $10 mil a person with no jail time. Still waiting for the judge's final word. I'm actually surprised this rapped up so fast and it was only ten million honestly. I will admit, I question the timing of it all considering some of the other events that have transpired. But hey if Arthur Hayes only has to pay a fine with no jail time then &#128079;&#127998;&#128079;&#127998;&#128079;&#127998;&#128079;&#127998;. For those who like to read here is the press release instead of the twitter post:&nbsp;https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/pr/founders-cryptocurrency-exchange-plead-guilty-bank-secrecy-act-violations.So, it's 4 days left, I wonder what else could happen?&nbsp;&nbsp;PSA:&nbsp;Remember, crypto isn't IN a wallet or ON a #exchange.#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #CryptoNews&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_february-cryptomonth-bhm-activity-6902978969977905152-qgkH