---
title: "vtxvk732661ac21fa41ba9d3e30613a16cfd9"
date: 2022-02-24
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.24.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,At the beginning of the month I set out to write the first draft of my new book SGT Trekk: Joe's and Cryptos, Without The AR Bullshit.In all honesty, I'm not even half way done. Aside from personal life matters taking my attention. I realized a few things this go around in writing the &#128214;.1. The target audience are folks wearing the uniform. The mentality/values aren't the same as people who never served.2. This is a basic 101 book. Adding 300 level stuff can/will get folks rekt.3. Most readers won't do my level of due diligence, if any at all.4. There are things I take for granted as base knowledge because I've been in the space for so long.5. I can't talk code but I also can't go too deep on the tech, most folks don't care about how the #MagicMoney works.6. Folks like myself with a #OG mindset and values are slowly but surely becoming out numbered by the new folks coming in who don't care about 2010 ideals.So, there's all of that. Plus trying to cover all the events (scams, hacks, regulations, etc) to happen in the last 4 months. February alone has been mind blowing to say the least. All that would make this book over 200 pages. And if I don't want to read something that long, I know the average Joe isn't going to.Nonetheless, I will get the book out once I figure out how to #KISS.#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #P0verB #Ebook #Writing #theProcess #Armylink