---
title: "vr07ib87fe1ec3491470b9dab3857a626ff29"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

02.18.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,The screenshot below is from yesterday's post about my comment on Melania Trump allegedly #washtrading her Head of State NFT collection.I'd like to remind all who read/watch my ramble and rants on this forum or any other social media platform, I'm just some bald guy you found on the internet. I'm NOT a #lawyer, #CPA, #FinancialAdvisor, #Compliance #TrustedFiduciary, #director or hold any fancy degree. But if you rather titles and degrees here are some smart people in the space to follow @maureen (lawyer), Bruce (marketing) Stephen (compliance) @tyron (Financial Advisor), Barbara (director), Samson (President), and Betty (branding).Now some of you find my commentary on events related to the space comical to say the least, interesting enough for an eye raise by some, and dear say insightful by the minority. For where ever you stand in the spectrum, I appreciate you &#128591;&#127998;.Now back to the comment. I didn't want to rewrite the post to add context. So, I'm making it a post by itself.&nbsp;If you've been in the space for any amount of time, you are aware that some regulations have been applied to certain types of businesses. But there's still sectors of the space that are labeled as #unregulated compared to traditional markets. NFTs are such an example.&nbsp;My comment was made with that understanding of the space. So, I apologize for taking what others understand about the space for granted. My posts are based on my life observations and years of living in and out side the crypto space. And certain this can be overlooked when it comes to explaining things about #blockchain, #DeFi #Metaverse, #Web3, NFTs, and cryptos.PS: None of what I say should be considered financial advise. If you don't have the time to do #DueDiligence, hopefully you have the bank to pay someone who does.#Trekkw2ks #