---
title: "vr07ic15d5830b9da4f0486de7dd7211d64d7"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

02.15.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,The picture below is a screen shot of the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance Chrystia Freeland.&nbsp; She just informed my cunucks that #crowdfunding is being seen by the government as a possible funding mechanism for illegal activity and terrorism&#129327;&#129327;&#129327;.So, now all crowdfunding platforms have to register with the agency and follow banking transportation rules.&nbsp;I call Cpt Obvious, aka Samson as my help line. Since he is the president of the Crowdfunding Professional Association. What's does this mean for American crowdfunding platforms?And in case you're wondering, yes this is connected to crypto.Freeland specifically mentions crypto during the press update&nbsp; And before I forget. I was going to add the actual video of this. But the algos don't like when I post videos. So, pictures it will be until the algos change.Now, if you haven't seen this press release. Find it. If you can watch it with out seeing the dots connect for government overreach. You prob didn't get to play with the books connecting the numbered dots to make a picture. Sorry for your childhood.The other draw dropping announcement made was without a #warrant, banks are able to suspend the accounts and stop services of people supporting the truck convey AND they should be reported to the authorities.Now I know I'm just some no name American but WTF!!!&#128483;️ Calling all #compliance folks amber Rodney Joseph Stephen. Does this mean you've been given job security?I'd like to add a lil context to this. 1. This was all done under #EmergencyPowers. So, there is nothing for the public to worry about.2. This started over a minority of unjabbed &#128667; drivers (owner operators), saying they the government was unfairly applying a quarantine time that would kill their business.3. The vast majority of 120K Canada's truckers are jabbed.4. Anytime someone says we don't want to use military. It usually means they already set a plan up for using the military, just in case.5. For all the crypto nay sayers crypto was NOT outlawed. The government was smart enough to realize they couldn't stop the TECHNOLOGY WORKING behind it. But they could make illegal what do with it. Case in point supporting a protest.And for a extra, did anyone hear about the Canadian accounting firm KGMP adding crypto to it's #balancesheet? Do you really think they made this business as the government was about to ban crypto?I'll end my rant on this reminder. The road to #massAdoption will be a &#127906; of pretty, fancy, and ugly shyt.&nbsp;P.S. People in the west only like protest and movements when it's kept "over there" and not a inconvenience in their life.#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersqndDoers #HonkHonk #SoS