---
title: "w3e4927a22633b23a4944929a19d6831d12c0"
date: 2022-03-02
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

3.02.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,It's the second day of March and I'm declaring it #OppositeDay. IMO, it seems the world has switched from what we thought was normal to the new normal being the opposite of what used to be normal &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Scrolling my #TwitterList this morning and saw a shared by #CZ (CEO of Bianace) post directly telling people they don't need an #exchange to use crypto. I was actually surprised. Funny enough (not haha funny), he also said on Bloomberg TV "we don't make the rules, we just follow them (referring to following sanctions)." So, there are #Russians who can't use the platform &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️. I wonder if that includes the #Trust wallet?Then there was a shared #Reddit article about #Swiss banks following the #EU and freezing Russian accounts. I wonder what made them take action now? It's ironic cause they never paid attention to #SWIFT sanctions before.And in case you missed the memo, protest are kool again in Canada. There are some clips floating around of the Deputy Prime Minister walking front and center at a protest or "march in support of #Ukraine" with no mask on. Arguably, hipocracy at its finest. And just like that folks, we've moved on to the new&#127846; flavor of the month. I also find it interesting that she's able to "walk with the people" but Trudeau can't.&nbsp;Nonetheless, the #BitcoinProtocol still works #P2P, no matter what side you take&#129327;.&nbsp;PS: #Colorado is the first state to accept cryptos for #taxes. If they actually held the crypto and the price went up, does that mean you prepaid for next year?&#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️#Trekkw2ks #OpenSource #ThinkersandDoerslink