---
title: "w3e49670e4385eee14d05b5c7027824cf19b2"
date: 2022-03-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

3.01.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,In the crypto space there is a saying that goes "never trust but verify." The Financial times article shows how there are always exceptions to the rule, whether in the space or not.&nbsp;&nbsp;The ability to preform due diligence, especially in the financial sector can be the make or breaking of a project receiving funding or being able to get regulatory legitimacy. And all it takes is one person to send a multi-billion valued crypto lending platform, to go crashing to the ground like a Russian fighter jet over Ukraine.Here's a few thoughts from #theCarnival&#127904;:1. How do you practice due diligence when there's a gag order? (#Compliance folks any thoughts?)2. Alex probably played hot &#129364; as a kid. He replaced Yaron Shalem with the quickness. Guilty or not, his position and the FUD would be a PR issue.3. If non of the allegations are proven in court, Shalem can be CFO on a new crypto project in 2 to 3 years. Remember, people have &#128032;&#129504;.4. Why is the second largest pension company in Canada name so long. I'm talking about Caisse de d&eacute;p&ocirc;t et placement du Qu&eacute;bec (#CDPQ). Btw, they were a part of the $400mn investment round last October.I say all of that to say this. The traditional rules and regulations still have "unique circumstances". So, stop expecting to not step in shyt on the cobblestone road to crypto mass adoption.Celsius#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #Israel #TelaViv #CryptoLeading#Fraud