---
title: "x5joj0b7307cb3e7b417aba5c8f7013b95c7d"
date: 2022-03-09
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

3.09.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,For about a week or so I've been waking up in the 6 o'clock hour to engage in crypto shenanigans and scroll Twitter. The irony, I don't trade so there's really no point to being up this early.But nonetheless, I'm up and saw this tweet. I don't actually follow him and saw his quote in a retweet. Lapan is a retired Marine making his second career as a paid #talkinghead. Currently, he's Vice President of Communications the Bipartisan Policy Center in DC. I imagine Lapan is paid very well by the think tank.So why did this tweet catch my attention. I watched some of Biden's State of the Union Address the other night. IMO, Lapan's quote falls right inline with the gaslighting and virtue Signaling of the president. And conveys how out of touch they are with the public and indifferent to those of lower economic standing aka poor people.Some may argue, I'm reaching or they don't see the issue. And it's ok if you think that.&nbsp;But here's my closing crypto angle. A number of people in crypto will learn what #ForcedHand means. Because in case you missed the memo there is a thing the #UN won't call a war happening between #Ukraine and #Russia. And thanks to the #sanctions and the &#128059;'s position in the oil industry we can expect to see regular gas above $5 on the east coast sooner than later.&nbsp;Gas is just one of the many things going up in price. That combined with other products and services effected by inflation and I can see HODLrs being forced to use some or all their crypto savings depending on how bad it gets. Regular fiat wages won't be enough. Inturn driving owners figure out how to use crypto to make purchases directly to reduce their taxable events. There's definitely a business opportunity here. I wonder how many see it?PS: Remember, unless we've met in person. I'm just some random guy on the internet. And none of this is financial advice. Oh and the #recession is here but you can still have a #P0verB day.#Trekkw2ks #PoorPeopleMatter #PoorPeopleUnit #Flinestoneslink