---
title: "x5jojf25629b9b0a141c89c3f7ba68e8ca778"
date: 2022-03-14
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

03.14.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Today's meme is not the best, no argument there. But I'd hope the point of the message is understandable. If not, let me help land the plane for those still in the air.&nbsp;Remember when I did #TuesdayBrand posts. For the new folks search the hashtag to see posts. The focus was on creating content to build what I called #BrandEcho. Granted not everyone has the grand vision of making a #documentary like #Kanye. Nonetheless, the key thing to telling your story is recording as much as you can while things are going on. The content may not have a purpose now but it doesn't mean it won't have value later.I think more people are starting to understand this now, especially with the release of #Ye's #Netflix documentary. I still haven't watched it yet BTW stefan.&nbsp;Another thing to note, Gary Vee showed the &#127757; how to scale content postings just by recording what ever came to mind.Some people are probably thinking "I can't afford a camera person, blah blah blah." True, most folks can't.But that doesn't stop you from making a 60 sec or 3 min video recaping your day on your smartphone, taking a pic or two of what's going on in your day to day life, or journaling at the end of the day or week. The key thing to understand here is that not everything has to be shared on social media. You can just keep it for your personal record.&nbsp;If you do share on any digital platform ALWAYS keep a copy for yourself.&nbsp;Why?Because we're in the digital age and being #ShadowBanned is a thing. And worse is to have the platform shut down your account and "delete" all you content. We've all heard about YouTube and Facebook doing it. You can add linkedin to that list too.When it comes to content storage the following applies depending on how you balance #privacy, #security, and access:Smartphone &lt; ☁️ storagePaid ☁️ storage &gt; free cloud storageSolid state drive &gt; ☁️ storageLets face the facts, human recollection sucks. If you're looking to write a book or even make a documentary, it's a much easier process to cover the ten year journey to over night success with content covering the journey.And in closing, as for blockchain and crypto, educating yourself is still free. And the DMs are always open.#Trekkw2ks #TellingYourStory #ContentCreation PS. Since duck duck go decided to cross the censorship line, I've move to brave browser as my search engine.link