---
title: "x5jojc3f03ff4e59f44098f77b1343cad6bd2"
date: 2022-03-10
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

03.10.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,As I mature in age, it's like mini epiphanies when reminded of my age. I feel the same thing is happening to me in the crypto space.I'm currently working on a writing assignment. And while reading through the related #whitepapers, it dawned on me that blockchain technology had come a long way from when I started in crypto. More importantly, there are some new projects and protocols that I'm not tracking.&nbsp; Yep, I getting old lol. &#128116;&#127998;Don't know who, but someone said with age comes #experience, which develops into #wisdom.&nbsp;And to close that mini -ant, I have experience but still working on developing the wisdom&nbsp;&#129497;&#127998;&zwj;♂️, lol.As for something crypto, here's what I got. Biden's #ExecutiveOrder is a nothing &#127828; at face value. It's page two of the bureaucratic playbook with a caveat to set up a committee in each financial agency to study and write about #DigitalAssets (#NFTs, #crypto, #DeFi, #stablecoins, and #CBDC). I think the real story is the collision that will take place behind the scene. As a preemptive move, departments will coordinate their resources to implement robust #CapitalFlight controls in the financial sectors. While they are "studying" the space concerning their lane of jurisdiction, they will limit the public's ability to exit from the #USD. I believe this is in expectation of rising inflation and DC officially acknowledging (at some point) the economic recession while blaming crypto. I'd say think #Greece and #Canada. And expect to see a number of CeFi companies related to crypto update their #ToS and possibly #PrivacyPolicy.&nbsp;Don't forget, I'm just some bald guy on the internet sharing&nbsp; an interpretation of some events and how they connect in #myCarnival&#127904;. Not financial advice, but I'd argue with less than 30 days left in the month, there's no better time to start EDUCATING YOURSELF on the basics of crypto. Remember, #Youtube is always free, and my DMs are open.P.S. I was today years old when I found out that #Illinois charges #HomeOwners to remove racist language from the mortgage contracts &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.#Trekkw2ks #RealEstate #GasGoesUp #BankRuns #BankBailIns #Cash #educationlink