---
title: "x5joj268d3369c00a4346a67f9d57916ce40b"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

03.15.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I was 10 years old when the first #McDonald's opened in Russia. I remember seeing it in the newspaper and just being amazed that droves of people stood outside waiting for hours to eat a &#127828;. There's literally a whole generation that grew up always knowing McDonald's as a thing. I can look back on it now and see how culturally transformative that was.&nbsp;However, after 32 years, corporate says their closing the Russian based #GoldenArches because of US sanction policies. Possibly resulting in about 60,000keople losing their job.&nbsp;I say possible because their is still a ❓ on if Moscow will follow international #IPlaws and force the stores to close. IMO, a key factor is them not using #GMO foods or the same suppliers as the west and the country has been stocking raw food supplies before C19 started. The progression of the situation will be interesting.In the world of crypto two notable stories came to light. One Deloitte (accounting firm) produced a report making the argument the BTC would be a better way to back CBDCs because of it's Proof of Work consensus mechanism. Considering that most anti-PoW people ignore how the protocol works and what makes sound #money, it makes me &#129300; why they're not riding the environmental wagon. They are a notable voice in the financial world.Final thing, I was today years old when learning that Wasabi wallet isn't that private because it uses #peelchain protocol as part of it mixing method. This was put out by Chanalysis who helped track the ETH "hacker" couple. And so another platform buts the dust for me. If you're interested in crypto privacy protocols look into who uses #zerolink.And as always, educating yourself about cryptos is free and the DMs are always open.#Trekkw2ks #privacy #AmericanCulturelink