---
title: "js6fd36db262c23574ec3a0d254239dc73b49"
date: 2021-04-09
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

04-09-2021Project: Minting 1st NFTPlatform: OpenSea (Ethereum Blockchain)Store Name:&nbsp; Nifty Aas NFTStore Link:&nbsp;https://opensea.io/collection/nifty-aas-nftStore Description: Hello beautiful people.&nbsp;I'm Samson Williams AKA @HustleFundBady on Twitter.&nbsp; I'm sticking my finger in the &#128176; &#129383; called NFTs to test why people buy digital content with no copyright or trademark guarantees? BTW, I don't actually make the NFTs. I contracted @Trekkw2Ks (Twitter) to do deal with the technical details. He's the one with the shades.And we're off to the races.DISCLOSER:The BUYER of digital content and or the real world physical content turned into NFTs under the Nifty Aas NFT Collection will have rights of ownership and transferability of the content represented on the Ethereum blockchain that is connected to the digital content as stored on the the private servers of OpenSea and IFPS distributed network. The Buyer of the NFT DOES NOT have rights to or clam of ownership to the physical piece or the original digital content unless clearly stated in the description of the NFT version of the art work/digital content sold.For Sale1st NFT:"The Art of NFT" is a digital copy of a picture altered by Samson Williams aka Hustle Fund Baby. The story is simple, he is a creative thinker and wants to understand why people are buying digital content known as NFTs. Since nothing beats first hand experience, Samson decided to make something in the physical world and have it turned into a NFT. Will people think this piece show he has some artistic talent? Maybe, maybe not. Time will tell...Notes for the BUYER:The original photograph is trademarked by the photographer, who retains the IP (Intellectual Property) for the original work. This altered version is being turned into a NFT (none-fungible token) and will be stored on OpenSea servers with Unlockable content stored on the IPFS (Interplanetary File System) network. The BUYER of this NFT will own the rights of transfer and resale for the NFT on OpenSea market as connected the Ethereum blockchain in addition to the hash for the unlockable content stored on the IPFS.&nbsp;The Proof of Creation video is being sold as a separate NFT.Unlockable Content: the close up of Hustle Fund Baby message and signature.&nbsp;If you are interested in buying the actual physical art work. The selling price is 2 ETH. The frame is sold separately for $300. And shipping and handling is $250. You can contact us via twitterFor a private buy now sale, the following cryptos are also acceptable as payment: DAI, BTC, &amp; USDCSamson Williams AKA Hustle Fund Baby creates the content for the Nifty Aas NFT Collection and Trekkw2Ks of Trekk Smart Consulting mints NFTs for the collection.2nd NFT: In this 12 sec clip, Samson Williams, aka Hustle Fund Baby, introduces his artistic creation "The Art of NFT." The full video is nearly 4 mins long and is PoC (Proof of Creation) for the origin of the artwork. The story is simple. Samson is a creative thinker and wants to understand why people are buying digital content known as NFTs. Since nothing beats first-hand experience, Samson decided to make something in the physical world and have it turned into an NFT.Will someone prove&nbsp; Samson wrong and buy The Art of NFT piece or the PoC video? Maybe, maybe not. Time will tell...Notes for the BUYER: The original photograph is trademarked by the photographer, who retains the original work's IP (Intellectual Property). This video is about the altered version is being turned into an NFT (none-fungible token). The short clip will be stored on OpenSea servers with Unlockable content (full video) stored on the IPFS (Interplanetary File System) network. The BUYER of this NFT will own the rights of transfer and resale for the NFT on the OpenSea market as connected to the Ethereum blockchain in addition to the hash for the unlockable content stored on the IPFS.Unlockable content: This contains the full video (3:35 Mins) of Samson explaining his reason to make NFT. And shows the 2.5-hour process (time-lapsed) in creating The Art of NFT artwork.The NFT for "The Art of NFT" is being sold separately for 0.0239 ETH.If you are interested in buying the physical artwork. The selling price is 2 ETH. The frame is being sold separately for $300. And shipping and handling are $250. You can contact us via Twitter.For a private buy now sale, the following cryptos are also acceptable as payment: DAI, BTC, &amp; USDC.Samson Williams, AKA Hustle Fund Baby, creates the content for the Nifty Aas NFT Collection and Trekkw2Ks of Trekk Smart Consulting mints NFTs for the collection.3rd NFT:Combination of video and art NFT