---
title: "4tlqca082cc51dbd340fa92e7af95f2907628"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

4.14.2025Live stream with OBS and Restream/TwitchHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;, Welcome to Trekkw2ksLive on The Gentlemen of Crypto!!!Here's what I do:I look through Twitter (X) and other info sources and talk about the stories, posts, comments, ideas, etc that are crypto related and catch MY attention...I DO NOT DO Price talk!!!&nbsp; We have way smarter folks on the network who do. I am not one of them. Please take the time to explore the other content cousins on the channel.I do not tell and or advise anyone listening/watching my segment on where they should put their money. I am not a CPS, lawyer, of financial advisor. I just some guy on the internet who wears prescription shades while rambling online. Why on earth would you listen to anything I say without conducting your own due diligence? Think for yourselves people.I appreciate the folks who tap in. That includes the lurkers and scammers.&nbsp; If I said something you disagree with remember the comments are open.Don't forget to hit the Like and Share. We need to make 25K subs this year.Title:Trekkw2ksLive: CZ &amp; India | Reggie Tells SEC "Put RESPECT on my name | Tether turns pro BTC?Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;, I'm Trekkw2ks and in this episode as per usual I cover over X (Twitter) post that catch my attention and scratch the brain.None of what I say should be taken a financial or legal advice. After all I'm just some guy on the internet and you are someone who should do you own due diligence when making life decisions.Nonetheless, if something I saw clicks with you kool!