---
title: "ycr8d875437e2cded4a7181e16ab0a0b5055b"
date: 2023-04-27
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

04.27.2023Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,I'm not lawyer by any stretch of the imagine.&nbsp;Can't even say I dreamed about being one. However, I did dream about being a cop once. It was scary &#128552;. I was in a fire fight and forgot my &#128299;.&nbsp;Any who, I digress.So, I put this question out the other day on #twitter (link) Shout out to Tonya Evans for stepping up to the plate. If your at #consensus2023, you should check out the panel she's on. She's one of the few IP lawyers who can talk from first hand experience in the blockchain/crypto/metaverse/NFT space.Now back to my question about a #IP lawyer giving &#129506; when asked about Coinbase IP lawsuit. Wish I had recorded the QnA session when Reggie Middleton asked him about the industry risk of IP infringement and gave the coinbase lawsuits as a example.&nbsp;This "well known" Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &amp; Flom LLP and Affiliates lawyer claim he never heard of it.&nbsp;And now I bring this to the #LinkedIn community. How is the US's number 1 #CEX getting into litigation over IP infringement not on his or any other lawyers radar if they represent blockchain/crypto related companies?&nbsp;Which also brings up another question. Why is the preteen industry kool with following some of the TradFi laws but not IP?Feel free to bit into this elephant or not. I know most folks on here don't like the smoke that responding to questions like this can generate.At the end of the day #HumansBeHumaning. Have a #PoverB days folks.Jaime Arroyave, Jr. Ryan "Coop D'Ville" Cooper Amber D. Scott Samson Williams Jonathan C. Dunsmoor Nathan D. Wosnack &#128268;Stephen Sargeant Keir Finlow-Bates&nbsp;#Trekkw2ks #blockchain #experience #regulations #IntellectualProperty