---
title: "uqjuy0c1c58d1761f424eba5ddcffa41add90"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

5.08.23Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;This morning on #WeekendCrypto I covered a number of cryoto stories that came out over the weekend. And if your curious here's the link for today's show:There was a crypto regulation story out of NY that really caught me attention. I was going to use a "Show me the money" meme for this post. But then I saw this Alisha Keys one. I think it's a better visual framing to this #AttorneyGeneral story. Basically the #CryptoRegulationProtectionTransparancyOversightActs is being pushed out as "protecting" the public by making stricter rules for crypto related persons and businesses. Take that as you will &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️. Here's the full article: link#SleepyJoe blew the #DogWhistle and NY definitely heard it. New Year is about to throw a shit ton of &#127837; at the crypto space and see what sticks. Based on how the bill read, not only with it go after local (state side) players in the space, but I can &#128175; see it going after international players.TBH, I see this event as an indicator to NYS's intent and strategy on how its playing the legal game of #HungryHungrynHippos. Not saying you have to take what imnsaying as truthThe point is if you're looking to do anything blockchain/crypto and get paid for it, watch out for New York. It's a state full of legal gangsters.PS: #ContentCreators (aka influencers), NYS is looking to pocket check you too.#Trekkw2ks #DogWhistle #EventDriven #CryptoRegulation&nbsp;