---
title: "uqjuye7d9fc087d4f447ba5785919d76dcc3b"
date: 2023-05-08
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

5.08.23Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;This morning on #WeekendCrypto I covered several cryoto stories that came out over the weekend. And if your curious here's the link for today's show:linkThere was a regulation story out of NY that really caught me attention. I was going to use a "Show me the money" meme originally, but then I saw this Alicia Keys one. I think it's a better visual framing of the #AttorneyGeneral's take on the space. Basically, the #CryptoRegulationProtectionTransparancyOversightActs is being pushed out as "protecting" the public by making stricter rules for crypto related persons and businesses. Take that as you will &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️. Here's the full article: https://ambcrypto.com/new-york-introduces-crypto-bill-to-tighten-rules-attorney-general-weighs-in/#SleepyJoe blew the #DogWhistle and NY definitely heard it. New York is about to throw a shit ton of &#127837; at the crypto space and see what sticks. Based on how the bill read, not only with it go after local (state side) players, but I can &#128175; see it going after international players.TBH, I see this event as an indicator to NYS's intent and strategy on how its playing the legal game of #HungryHungrynHippos.&nbsp;&nbsp;The point is if you're looking to do anything blockchain/crypto and get paid for it, watch out for New York. It's a state full of legal gangsters.PS: #ContentCreators (aka influencers), NYS is looking to pocket check you too.#Trekkw2ks #PoverB #DogWhistle #EventDriven #CryptoRegulation&nbsp;