---
title: "6m22618f8f261bab9419ab5b8506d48c9a708"
date: 2025-06-19
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

6.19.25Does the #AmericanDream align with Bitcoin?Today's #Trekkw2ksTalk is based on a #Twitter post by Anthony Pompliano aka Pomp on (X).The screen capture shows the post and my reply.&nbsp;I've recently come to understand and accept that I'm a "unc" (not to be confused with an elder, I'm not that old &#129491;). But in terms of this crypto space arguably elder would apply, smh.Raining it back in. I asked 4 AIs (#Deepseek #Grok #Gemini #Leo) "what is the American dream?" For the most part they all mention the ideal of everyone having social mobility through hard work. Interestingly enough, they all used to words #hope, #equality, and #freedom to explain the dream.&nbsp;Only one made reference to the popular metaphor "a white picket fence..." But it made me wonder what about the people who hate cutting grass and want a condo instead? I mean we are in the age of condos have the same square footage or more of a 2 bedroom house.But nonetheless, why does this post hit a nerve? As a Unc, if I remember correctly Bitcoin (big B) was/is about economic sovereignty. That was at the core of Satoshi's Bitcoin White paper. At least that's how I remember it from back in the day. None of the AIs mentioned anything about ES. Something else that scratched my &#129504;&nbsp; was DeepSeek. Going back to the 17th century, it was the only one to dig into how the phrasing started and has evolved over time. In modern times the American dream is focused on building material wealth. IMM, that kind of makes sense since we are known around the world as a consumer culture.Unpopular opinion, American dream is a hopism. Because in reality their are a number of factors that work against everyone being able to make it. Hence why the majority do not achieve the dream. Only the minority do.I think the disconnect for me is that America does not promote financial literacy, let alone personal sovereignty. But when you really dig into bitcoin it makes you question the whole monetary system. Like what is hard money or how is the USD the world's reserve currency but not backed back anything but pewpews and boots.However, what does it really matter? A small few will achieve the dream but most will not. BTC is a teenager, Gensler is out and Atkins is new head of SEC, #Trump wants to make a BTC reserve &#128518;, and yet the IRS still have not changed it's policies on crypto taxes.&nbsp;So what is being exported, I don't think it's the American dream.PS: Has anyone else notice the increase of tent cities?#AI #Finance #SEC #Bitcoin #Reality&nbsp;