---
title: "99kl90378375948044758a6e73a1bc5832df2"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

06.08.2024*Attending ALC. Did not record during Phase 1 and part of Phase 2.HOLA HOla GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;I'm Trekkw2ks. If you're new to my segment WeekendCrypto, thanks for taking the time to tap in. The basic idea is I cover events related to crypto that happen over the weekend, between Friday and Sunday. This isn't about price talk but giving context to events happening in the space. For the regular warriors much thanks for continuing to watch the show.For those interested in following a story, here are the links:Social Media:Just put "Trekkw2ks" in any search engine. All my social comes up.Youtube:&nbsp;www.youtube.com/@trekkw2ks527And for Metaverses: The Other Side check us on X&nbsp;https://twitter.com/BuildRDAOSocial Media:Just put "Trekkw2ks" in any search engine.Resources:For those involved with crypto and need certified tax professional checkout CPA CJ the Smart @&nbsp;https://linktr.ee/cjthesmartguyTrekkw2ks PoverBDay CryptoTaxes CJtheSmartGuy TrendsNPatterns NoPriceTalk Venezula Miners CBDC China USTD HJRes109 Kraken CryptoMining SEC SleepyJoe Biden Energy HongKong Paraguay RussianAssets IMFPLEASE LIKE, COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!**Remember, I'm just some bald headed guy on the internet. I'm not a CPA, Financial Advisor, or lawyer. None of what is said in this show should be taken as legal or financial advice, for entertainment purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.