---
title: "2cxiid9b9240a9c394e9baa96694d94c23c66"
date: 2019-08-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

8--2019Playing w/the Hand You're Delt."I can't build my brand without the money or connections to scale..."I hear this alot and use to think like this. Most people think they have to grow a certain way. Meaning, spend lots of money to have other people do the virtual foot work.Out the gate, we all want the fancy bells and whistles and "professional" look when it comes to starting a company and building the brand. But is that really the only way to build your brand?Most of us overlook the basic things we do have access to that can will help us build the brand recognition.&nbsp;-Your self-Googly University (I Duck Duck Go)-where you workNot telling you capital doesn't matter. As Samson has said to me, "if your not paying attention, your not paying attention..."So how many of you actually take the time to do the real world leg work?As in get out there and find ways to meet people and let them know what your doing. Of course depending on your business you need to meet certain types of people.Using my self as the example, I work in the Gigeconomy through Task Rabbit (will make a whole nother vid about that.) This allows me a flexable work schedule operating between Virgina and NYC. And has helped me stay out of the traditional workforce for over a year and a half.&nbsp;I imagine some of your are thinking "ohhh, he doesnt really work in the space then or I can't&nbsp; take him serious..." keep thinking that.As I've said, I'm giving you the real of what this crypto life is like for me and how I've had to be creative in getting my name out there and building my brand. I never promised it would be fancy.So why bring up Task Rabbit? It leans to my point. It allows me to meet people in various careers like lawyers, fund managers, HR, writers, sales associate for cable channels, nannies, marketing executives, college students, country clerks, program managers, etc. Through simple convo I learn about what they do and they learn about what I do. I don't shill anything and if the convo is really good we connect through SoMe (social media.)I'm connecting w/ppl at the base level, planting mental seeds about my brand and waiting to see what grows. Imagine doing that for a year or more. What will my LinkedIn or Twitter following look like in just 6 months.This isn't the only thing I'm doing but it is something most would over look.On sidenote, this is literally what I proposed to a few crypto clothing companies when looking for sponsorship. Only 1 person got my idea. Thank you hodlbrand.My point G&amp;Gs, I play w/the hand I'm delt. Being an entrepreneur isn't about being fancy or living the easy life. It's about being creative and thinking how to connect w/people to build that brand recognition which eventually leads to customer acquisition.&nbsp;Cause for me, the whole point is to pay my bills, keep lights ons, and take a vacay when I want, without having to be a part of the traditional work force.hiimtrekk trekkencryptos traditional brandbuilding reallife entrepreneur business tuesdaybrand connecting