---
title: "2cxii11a93a57c8304ab989d809ff0804d247"
date: 2019-08-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

8--2019Let IT GoHola Hola G&amp;Gs,It's friday and we all want to turn up!!! Or kick off our shoes, put our feet up and forget the world.Sorry to say, that's not the reality. Your a entrepreneur and you don't get to take off bc all you friend who aren't do.Today's message is based on a recent event playing. For months I was trying to get a certain client. I followed all their SoMe. I shared their content and spoke about their product.&nbsp;Finally, the day comes when I get to meet said the founder and team. I go through the whole thing about my admiration on what they're doing. With more interactions emails start flowing on having a formal sitdown. I even suggested ideas for thier SoMe bc I was aiming to be their social media manager. I never got that actual meeting.Why do I bring this story up?&nbsp; Because at some point you're going to have a week where all your efforts to get a client won't pan out. You could've had all right ideas and they're talking big and sounding positve. But the deal never closes.The point, this weekend take the time to review what your putting your energy into. Are your actions yielding the results you want?Simple fact, it may have NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU AT ALL. But you need to figure out if your wasting time.So at some point between eating, sleeping, n having personal time. You HAVE TO REVIEW what you been working and if need be let it go.&nbsp;Rmemeber, they aren't the only client in the world.hiimtrekk theprocess firiday entrepreneurs business focus fridayfocus realtalk cryptolife movingon&nbsp;