---
title: "sdub14818b59bfa744c3e9c1533025a5d0790"
date: 2025-09-09
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

9.9.2025Hola hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,The Department of Defense has gone back to its roots AKA the Department of WAR! Get ready for a world of fun at the expense of the public's wallet.But what does that have to do with crypto? Nothing directly for now. But give it time and I'll probably find a connection.More importantly, thanks to Monday's #Trekkw2ksLive episode, I had an epiphany. Admittedly, I may be late to the party on this idea.&nbsp;Ethereum is the biggest practitioner of #QuantitativeTightening and strong armed the crypto space into accepting #PoS. But why? Well first off, thanks to EIP1559, you pay basement bargain TX fees compared to power cost of #PoW. Without getting lost in the technical weeds, token burning was not an inherent function to PoW but some ETH was burned before the EIP implementation August 2021. And we cannot forget the manipulation of the open market by burning tokens, creating asset scarcity.Burning tokens manipulates supply and creates scarcity. Imagine calculating the cost if the Ethereum Foundation and platforms like #Aave, #Tether, #Uniswap, and #MetaMask had to burn ETH in PoW terms&mdash;it would have been financially impossible at the scale we see now.The longer I stay in the space the more I realize Samson Williams had it very right, "Humans suck!"&nbsp;&nbsp;This power to control supply is a double-edged sword.Something else to keep in mind, this isn't only a Ethereum issue, #Stablecoins can be burned too. Does anyone else see the writing on the wall for market manipulation?I hope you have enjoyed this week's #TrekkTalk.PS: Is anyone else wondering if #non-banks will be allowed to issue #stablecoins too?#CryptoUnc #NoPriceTalk #DOD #DOW #TokennomicsHola hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;&nbsp;The Department of Defense has gone back to its roots&mdash;AKA the Department of WAR! Get ready for a world of fun&hellip; all at the expense of the public&rsquo;s wallet.&nbsp;&nbsp;But what does that have to do with crypto? Nothing directly&mdash;for now. But give it time, and I&rsquo;ll probably find the connection.&nbsp;&nbsp;More importantly, during Monday&rsquo;s #TrekkW2ksLive episode, I had an epiphany. Admittedly, I might be late to the party.&nbsp;&nbsp;Here&rsquo;s the thought: Ethereum is the biggest practitioner of #QuantitativeTightening, and it strong-armed the crypto space into accepting #PoS. Why? Thanks to EIP-1559, users now pay much lower transaction fees compared to #PoW. But the larger impact was introducing token burning as a core function. Remember, under PoW, burning wasn&rsquo;t an inherent feature, though some ETH was burned before EIP went live in August 2021.&nbsp;&nbsp;Burning tokens manipulates supply and creates scarcity. Imagine calculating the cost if the Ethereum Foundation and platforms like #Aave, #Tether, #Uniswap, and #MetaMask had to burn ETH in PoW terms&mdash;it would have been financially impossible at the scale we see now.&nbsp;&nbsp;The longer I stay in this space, the more I realize Samson Williams was right: &ldquo;Humans suck.&rdquo; The power to control supply is a double-edged sword.&nbsp;&nbsp;This isn't just an Ethereum thing. Don&rsquo;t forget, #Stablecoins can be burned too. Anyone else see the writing on the wall?&nbsp;&nbsp;That&rsquo;s it for this week&rsquo;s #TrekkTalk.&nbsp;&nbsp;PS: Is anyone else wondering if #non-banks will eventually be allowed to issue #stablecoins too?&nbsp;&nbsp;