---
title: "ymav2b22ef624c8834b9985bfe035764163f4"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1st NearCon post9.9.22Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Alas, summer is ending here in the states, and mother nature is getting ready to give us winter. Hopefully, she won't freeze &#129398; us out too bad in the coming months. Nonetheless, the weather is still warm across the pond. This brings me to this #meme &#128071;&#127998; asking the question. Are #HoochieDaddyShorts a thing in #Lisbon? As we know, American pop-culture traverses the globe. And thanks to SoMes like #TiKTok, it moves at the speed of a swipe.TBH, I don't know and don't really care. But since I'll have the opportunity to sports some while people watching. I can verify if a father showcasing "thigh meat" means the same thing outside America. Why? &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️&nbsp; why not?In about 24hr, I'll be making my way to Europe. Specifically Lisbon, #Portugal.&nbsp;&#128587;&#127998;&zwj;♀️ Why you ask?Well, thanks to #Blk@ and #BlkW3b &#128591;&#127998;, I'll be attending #NEARCon and sharing my experience. For those unfamiliar, it's a major ________ (fill in buzzwords for crypto and #web3) European conference put together by NEAR Protocol . And like most multi-day events, it brings together the #ThinkersandDoers of the industry and some folks with access to sizable &#127974;. As I've said, main stage talks are just sound bits for press releases. I'm more interested in the #HallwayCons and after-hours talks. Also, looking forward to the #hackathon. Expect to see some write-ups and Twitts about that.So, I'll be running the streets of the coastal city from Oct 11 - 14, 2022. If you're attending NEARCon, let's catch up and have a ☕ at one of those kiosks I keep hearing about on YT. My DMs are always open here and on #Twitter &#128526;#Trekkw2ks #P0verBDay #CommunityBuilding #NetworkWorking #CryptoNomadLinkedIn&nbsp;link