---
title: "g6efi483f9722985e4292b0425558490e95c7"
date: 2025-09-17
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

9.17.2025OriginalHola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,"Bitcoin has no value. Bitcoin is a scam. Bitcoin is a pump and dump..." All sentiments conveyed by original founding CEO Bill Harris of #PayPal in 2018.&nbsp;And now in 2025 #PayPal has made a hard 180 on Bitcoin and Ethereum. It will be included in their payment options.But I digress. On to my Monday livestream insight...My takeaway is the Genius Act and the Stablecoin/Treasury Frankenstein creation (I'll called #Stableasury.) the ringing the dinner bell for #TradFi to gamify, I mean expand and develop, the shyt out the "new" financial instrument at the expense of public rear end like dogs in heat.Even though you're not asking, I'm telling &#129315;.The financial tools will be rehypothecation and quantitative tightening. If the plane is not landing for you on the first word. Here's the scam. Company has/issues stablecoin A. Then uses Stablecoin A to purchase US Treasury bonds. The Company then takes the bonds as backing to issue new Stablecoin B. The Stablecoin B will be used to buy new T-Bonds. And so the process repeats into a cycle creating stablecoin C, D, F, etc; to include lending out capital (stablecoins) to various financial and non-financial institutions. Overnight lending is already a thing for TradeFi. Imagine what this will look like when TradeFI gets to play with stablecoins. As for the QT, refer to my last week's post on the coming dangers thanks to Ethereum teaching the world how to burn crypto. Last post link linkSo now #MetaMask ($mUSD) and PayPal ($PYUSD) have stablecoins. And they want to compete with the big dogs Circle ($USDC) and Tether ($USDT). What do you think will happen when #JPMorgan&nbsp;($JPMD) release their stablecoin? And here's a crazy thought, what about non-banks issuing their own stablecoins. Sounds crazy right? However, during the C19 years, they were allowed to play in the financial sandbox without holding any reserves.&nbsp;And there's another devil in the details, the selling point for stablecoins is that they will be backed 1:1. But for anyone who's been in the space since 2015/16, we know that major players never stayed pegged 100% of the time. Even Tether uses a basket of financial instruments to back it. And we can't forget how the crypto shell game worked out Do Kwon of Terreaform Labs. You can google it.As of 2022, if TradeFi can hold 0% reserves thanks to the Biden administration, what makes people think they will wait multiple decades to reduce it to 0% for stablecoins?And this won't just be an American issue. We've seen this made for TV movie before. But Uncle same (#Trump) wants to take it to the big screen. Get your popcorn ready.&nbsp;Hopefully this #TrekkTalk made you think. But if you lol, even better. If your lost, don't worry. It will eventually makes sense when SHTF.PS: The Whinkelvos twins and Coinbase's combined networks to make a #Superpack called the #FellowshipPack to support pro-crypto candidates. Just wait to see how much gas-lighting around crypto happens during mid-elections and how many folks make a 180 for the "cryptovote."#TrekkTalk #Trekk2ksLive#CryptoUnc #NoPriceTalk #TreasuryDept #Cryptovoter #Stablecoins #MarkMossAI helpHola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,"Bitcoin has no value. Bitcoin is a scam. Bitcoin is a pump and dump..." All sentiments conveyed by original founding CEO Bill Harris of #PayPal in 2018.&nbsp;Fast forward to 2025, and #PayPal has done a full 180. They're now embracing Bitcoin and Ethereum as part of their payment ecosystem.But I digress. Let&rsquo;s get into this week&rsquo;s #TrekkTalk Monday livestream insightMy takeaway is that the '#GeniusAct' and the Stablecoin-Treasury creation (let's call it #Stableasury.) is essentially a dinner bell for Traditional Finance (#TradFi). It signals them to aggressively develop and&nbsp; gamify (I mean "innovate") these new financial instruments...Even though you're not asking, I'm telling &#129315;.The financial tools will be rehypothecation and quantitative tightening. If the plane is not landing for you on the first word. Here's the scam (aka financial engineering). Company has/issues stablecoin A and use it to buy US #TreasuryBonds. They then use those bonds as "backing" to issue Stablecoin B. Stablecoin B is then used to buy new Treasuries, which back Stablecoin C and so on. And so the process repeats into a cycle creating stablecoin C, D, E, etc; to include leading these out across TradFi and non-financial sectors. Overnight lending is already a thing for TradeFi. Imagine what this will look like when TradFI gets to play with collateralized stablecoins. As for the QT, refer to my last week's post on the coming dangers thanks to Ethereum teaching the world how to burn crypto as part of its monetary policy aka #tokenomics. Last post link https://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_trekkw2kslive-quantitativetightening-pos-activity-7371608212418007040-2SV_?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=member_android&amp;rcm=ACoAACZLdI0BtfH0I7t2e-EfDNupi5M93mUq1fQSo now #MetaMask ($mUSD) and PayPal ($PYUSD) have stablecoins. And they want to compete with the big dogs Circle ($USDC) and Tether ($USDT). What do you think will happen when #JPMorgan&nbsp;($JPMD) release their stablecoin? And here's the wild card. What happens when non-banks start issuing stablecoins? Sounds crazy?Well... during the C19 era, non-banks were allowed to operate in financial markets without holding reserves. Think about that.&nbsp;Oh and here's another truth bomb for the unaware. The selling point for stablecoins is they'll be backed 1:1. But veterans who&rsquo;ve been around since 2015&ndash;16 know that major players rarely stayed fully pegged. Even Tether uses a basket of financial instruments to back USDT. And we all remember how the shell game played out for Do Kwon and TerraForm Labs. You can Google that disasterRiddle my this Batman? Since 2022, TradFi institutions can legally hold 0% reserves (thanks, Biden admin).What makes anyone think stablecoin issuers won&rsquo;t eventually be allowed to do the same??And this ain&rsquo;t just a U.S. problem. We&rsquo;ve seen this made-for-TV movie before &mdash; but now, Uncle Sam (aka #Trump) wants to take it to the big screen.&nbsp;&#127916; Get your popcorn ready.Hopefully this #TrekkTalk made you think. But if you lol, even better. If you laughed, even better. If you&rsquo;re lost, don't worry. When SHTF, it&rsquo;ll all clickPS: The Winklevoss twins + Coinbase have formed a #SuperPAC called #FellowshipPac, with the intention to support pro-crypto candidates. Watch how much gaslighting around crypto shows up during 2026 midterms.A lot of folks are gonna flip-flop for the &ldquo;crypto vote.&rdquo; Looking at you Pocahontas.#TrekkTalk #Trekk2ksLive #CryptoUnc #NoPriceTalk #TreasuryDept #Cryptovoter #Stablecoins #MarkMoss