---
title: "tjgz6251a01767e9246b991ca3d325142593d"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.06.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Welcome to the #PokeTheBear creation process, part 1. I know none of you asked, but I'm sharing any. I know someone is going to learn something. I've said it time and time again, this space is all about trial and error. And as Bruce pointed out in a post, experience is the best teacher to educate yourself on a topic, especially when it comes to the crypto space. So, about a month ago, I sent a voice message to my Twitter bro Dough3D (I consider him #cyberpunk in the flesh) about working on a collaborative #NFT project. He was down and so a few days later, we held a 2 hour brainstorming session over Zoom.&nbsp;Here's a little background. At heart, 3D and myself are all about the #P2P nature of crypto and the decentralized implementation of blockahin technology. Over the years we've had a number of conversations about some of the business practices we've seen in the space, especially on the part of centralized companies. Some down play technical issues, makes claims of ownership/development of products, and other just flat out lie. More importantly, these players work against what brought us to the space to begin with.&nbsp; After agreeing on this, we concluded the project would "educate" people about these companies. But not in a #manxplaining way. The goal was to at least spark people's interest to ask questions and start a dialogue.&nbsp;But then the question was how to do it in a "fun" way visually? After spit balling about what to focus on. We came to the concept of "poking" at these companies.I brought up the idea of #ThreeBears because we were talking about 3 of the biggest exchanges in the space. The can of warms trio, #FTX, #Coinbase, and #Binance.Fast forward, the projects is called #CustodialLs and Poke the Bears is the first NFT mint under the label.&nbsp; This isn't a money grab, unlike most projects in the space. The mints are just $2 and can be found of on three different blockchains Wax, tezos, and Polygon.michael kennedy#Trekkw2ks #DeGen #ThinkersnDoers #Web3&nbsp;linkUsed the Coinbase &#128059;