---
title: "tjgz6e682257f90534ef880957f6349d209cc"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.08.2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,At the end of the day wither your goal is to destroy the traditional banking system or help the unbanked in a 3rd tier country. You have to engaged with others to execute ideas bigger than you. Interacting to build rapport is like the universal law.Which brings me to a zoom I had over the weekend with Larin esq. He had some questions about mining and building with other black folks in the space.During the conversation I realized several things.1. He actually knows about mining cause he built rigs.2. His process for networking needs to scale. Randomly, meeting people at the computer store wasn't scaling.3. Mining is the least attractive part of the crypto space to black people. Because of the technical barrier. Very few have the short time preference for it compared to HODLing or trading.I didn't tell him this. But I didn't have much to share since he knew more than me on the mining. However, on the networking, I shared the following:1. Never limit yourself to taking information from only people who look like you.&nbsp;2. Scale and filter your networking opportunities. Start lurking in ClubHouse and Twitter's Spaces. Take note of the names that keep popping up in different chats and what they say. Start attending the Meetup and Eventbrite events online and in person. Take time to listen then ask questions to build engagement.3. Just because someone has a degree or knows some computer stuff it doesn't mean they will understand mining, crypto, or want to be apart of what your building.Sad truth. As science, history, sport, and hiphop has shown us. The black community has talent for various things. And there are many sleep giants among us. But like most humans in the rat race of life. We are conditioned to chase the more convienaint existence and opportunities of life.And so here I am 13 years later being asked the question of where are black people in the crypto space. The answer is still the same. You just have to do a better job at searching.#trekkw2ks #communitybuilding #ThinkerandDoers