---
title: "tjgz63acdc85410064b449cd96c8f4b291494"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1.11.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Over the weekend two crypto things happened. And from that most people who just #FOMOd into #NFTs learned 2 important things, arguably.☝&#127998; OpenSea went down. And even though #CustomerSupport couldn't be reached. It wasn't because they're decentralized as marketed. In practice, they're a web2 centralized market place. And since there about to do a #coinbase (go public). Their not&nbsp; worried about supporting the artists anymore.&nbsp;Not sorry to burst bubble.✌&#127998;The #Poloygon network got clogged up by one #P2E game called #SunflowerFarmers. And what does this remind us of. #CryptoKitties and ⛽ fees.&nbsp; Remember, people like &#128008; expect for when they f&cent;k up furniture and money. So, in reality #Matic is not going to solve Ethereum's scaling or gas issues. It will have its own to deal with.The funny thing, but not haha funny. These technical concerns were brought up long before these events happened. However, the real matter at hand is the issues only applied to the users who only know how to #buy, #sell, and #create NFTs using the website.Why you ask?Because most people give two licks about how things actually work on the backend. And most users of OpenSea don't know how to interact with #smartcontracts.&nbsp;TBC, I'm not talking about dev level coding.So, the users who took the time to learn how to interact directly, with the smart contracts, adjust gas fees, and tweeking RPC network settings weren't effected by the website going down.I'll close the ramble with this. I know the techie stuff isn't for everyone. Hell, even I know there are things I don't mess with and are over my head. But what kills me is people #ApeIn ignoring the warning about the #Theranos problems in the space but then act all shocked when shyt happens and or companies show they ass.Deadass &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.The current admission is a perfect example of people believing the narrative then being made when it don't work as promised.&nbsp;#Trekkw2ks #DeFi #Web3 #HowItReallyWorks #ThinkersandDoers