---
title: "b8iyh7bec7764f6cd4da489c23973e74b7294"
date: 2025-10-14
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

10.14.25Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,I want to previse this post to say it might sound political but it really is a crypto post.So, Monday's #Trekkw2ks livestream was a reminder that #Bitcoiners and grifters come in all shapes, sizes, businesses, and policies ideologies.&nbsp;As evidence, I submit the following two-part photThe bottom pic is of my CPA CJ. During a 5 mile run, he came across a lunch truck labeled #CryptoBurger. Being the Bitcoiner he is, he wanted to support but had a few questions. The answers had a lot of NOs.1. Do you accept BTC? No2. Do you accept any crypto? No3. Do you actually hold any crypto? No. I'm just riding the wave.Takeaway, grifters gonna grift.As submission two, observe the top picture of the #NoblePeacePrize (NPP) winner Maria Corina Machado of Venezuela with George Bush Jr, back in the 2000s. Machado being marketed as Bitcoiner and fighter for true democracy in her home country. She basically went on a media blits saying Bitcoin should be a part of the Venezualan reserve. Initially, I was on the band wagon when I saw the post announcing a Bitcoiner won the NPP.But then the internet did what it does by highlighting her pro !SR@3L stance while publicly stating it should invade Venezuela. And that current democratically elected president Madora should be ousted by the US.And to take the cake, she dedicated the NPP to the Venezuelan people, which sounds honorable. But the slap in the face irony is, she also dedicated to Trump because she believes he deserves it. I don't think the Venezuelan people would agree with this. I damn sure know Americans don't.Takeaway, the #cryptovote is a thing and that's not just in the USA.&nbsp;PS: I bet she's never read the #BitcoinWhitePaper. Arguably she is another example of the BS winning a NPP has come to mean in today's era. And as @sampson says #HumansSuck.&nbsp;#Trekkw2ksLive&nbsp;#CryptoUnc #CrytpoPolitcal&nbsp;#Bitcoin #LaTAM #PoliticsRevision:I premise this post may trigger some as political but it really is a crypto post.So, Monday's #Trekkw2ks livestream was a reminder that #Bitcoiners and grifters come in all shapes, sizes, businesses, and ideologies flavors.&nbsp;As evidence, I submit the following two-part photo.The bottom picture is of my CPA CJ. During a 5 mile run, he came across a lunch truck labeled #CryptoBurger. Being the Bitcoiner he is, he wanted to support but had a few questions. The answers? A lot of NOs.1. Do you accept BTC? No2. Do you accept any crypto? No3. Do you hold any crypto? "No. I'm just riding the wave."Takeaway, grifters gonna grift. #MainStGriftAs submission twoThe top picture shows #NobelPeacePrize (NPP) winner Maria Corina Machado of Venezuela with George W. Bush Jr (circa early 2000s). Machado being marketed as "Bitcoiner" and champion for true democracy. She basically went on a media blitz suggesting Bitcoin should be a part of the Venezuelan reserve. Initially, I was on the bandwagon when I saw the post announcing a Bitcoiner won the NPP.But then the internet did what it does. The tea was being spilled on her pro-!SR@3L stance, seeking US/Isr@3l intervention in Venezuela. And that current democratically elected president Nicolas Madura needs to be ousted.And to take the cake, she dedicated the NPP to "the Venezuelan people, which is honorable. But the slap in the face irony is, she also dedicated to Trump because she believes "he deserves it". I don't think most Venezuelans or Americans would agree.Takeaway, the #cryptovote is a thing, (even though they don't exist yet), and that's not just in the USA. #PoliticalGriftSpotted any #CryptoGrifter lately?PS: I bet she's never read the #BitcoinWhitePaper. Sadly, she is another example of what winning a NPP has come to mean in today's world. But as @sampson says #HumansSuck.&nbsp;#Trekkw2ksLive&nbsp;#CryptoUnc #CrytpoPolitical&nbsp;#Bitcoin #LaTAM #Politics #CryptoGrift #CryptoGrifter #GeopoliticalGrift