---
title: "ruv001a70b4e6216f4f0c8a4a5c310e9d32cc"
date: 2025-10-21
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

10.21.25Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;The following Twitter posts are the focus of today's takeaway from Monday's #Trekkw2ksLive stream.Jack says Bitcoin is money and Charlene doubles down and gives examples on how it's saving lives and helping the undeserved who are trapped or excluded by the TradFi.&nbsp;But is this financial freedom? Arguably, the better question is who version of financial freedom is this? IMM, these posts are have a US (western) centric tone in how and what crypto the world should use.I've long argued that you can't tell people how to crypto, Bitcoin included.&nbsp;I remember back in the 2016/17 #Dash had heavy usage in LATAM. The TXs&nbsp; fees were cheaper and faster than BTC. The financial and technical barriers were higher compared to the states. The environment was not as conducive for BTC. So the locals found a crypto that worked for them.&nbsp;If you go by wallet velocity Bitcoin is being use more as a store of value versus everyday money. Considering how much time Jack spends outside the states, even he should be aware that outside of trading paltforms people in the majority south are asking for stablecoins because they don't have the value slippage like a BTC or Ethereum.The crypto space of 2025 is not the same as 2018 or 2014. I know, I was there spending BTC like it was money, SMH. Lessons learned.PS: I think the PalPay Paxos money prints slash burn error smells a little fishy and is foreshadowing for the shenanigans to come. Vets in the space have seen this movie before.#Trekkw2ksLive #CryptoUnc #CrytpoEconomics #SMB #ScratchMyBrain #Cryptononmics #Bitcoin #EconomicSovereignty #FinancialFreedom Stablecoins #USDC #USDT #PYUSDHola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;The following Twitter posts are the focus of today's takeaway from Monday's #Trekkw2ksLive stream.Jack's simple declaration that 'Bitcoin is money' is powerfully illustrated by Charlene's examples of dissidents, refugees, and merchants using it as a financial lifeline outside of TradFi. These are compelling, valid use cases. However..&nbsp;But is this financial freedom? Arguably, the better question is whose version of financial freedom is this? IMM, these posts  have a US (western) centric tone in how and what crypto the world should use.I've long argued that you can't tell people how to crypto, Bitcoin included.&nbsp;I remember back in the 2016/17 #Dash had heavy usage in LATAM. The fees were cheaper and TX faster than BTC. The financial and technical barriers were higher compared to the States. The environment was not as conducive for BTC. So the locals found a crypto that worked for them.&nbsp;If you go by wallet velocity Bitcoin is being use more as a store of value versus everyday money. Given Jack's extensive international travel, even he should be aware that outside of trading platforms, people in the #GlobalSouth are increasingly asking for stablecoins like USDT and USDC. Because they don't have the value slippage like a BTC or Ethereum.The crypto space of 2025 is not the same as 2018 or 2014. I know, I was there spending BTC like it was lunch money, SMH. Lessons learned.PS: the recent PayPal Paxos money printing/burn error smells a little fishy and is foreshadowing of the shenanigans to come. Vets in the space have seen this movie before.#CryptoUnc  #ScratchMyBrain #Cryptononmics #Bitcoin #EconomicSovereignty #FinancialFreedom #Stablecoins #USDC #USDT #PYUSD #Claude #DeepSeek #Perplixity #Grok&nbsp;