---
title: "t7wo176a0823e2d4d4b268f620e486948ae09"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

10.07.2025Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;Monday's livestream gave me more takeaways than usual. Which brings me to this brain scratching post on X by BitMEX Research. As a #CryptUnc who has played in the space a good while before 2015, hindsight is 2020. Back then securing the network was a badge of honor. And Mike Hearn's position was wildly held, miners care long-term. However, I can also recall around 2016/17 hearing more people share Peter Todd's point on mining, its about the $$$. Which makes sense when looking back at events like the Block size war, introduction of PoS , the pump and dump ICO era, the #CryptoWinter and we can't forget private companies consolidating mining.After a quick huddle with #Groq, Deepseek, and ChatGPT, there's no question mining has matured into its own business vertical. Even with the majority mindset shifting from financial sovereignty to show me the money, a decade later and from what I observe both statements hold true, but not how you expect.  We see the shift in BTC, mom and pop miners back in 2015 were stacking and doing their part to secure blockchain. However, in 2025, miner pools secure the vast majority of network by holding majority of the hashrate, leading to winning most of the BTC rewards. And of course everyone wants to be on a winning team. Leading to the explosion of mining pools vs solo mining. Collectively Bitmain, MicroBT, and Canaan produce over 80% of global mining rigs. Additional data for curious minds.Top 5 ASIC / Crypto Miner Hardware Manufacturers (2025)RankCompanyCountry / HQ1Bitmain Technologies (Private)&nbsp;China2MicroBT&nbsp; (Private)China3Canaan Creative (Public)&nbsp;Singapore / China4Innosilicon (Private)China5Ebang International (Public)ChinaTop 5 Mining Pools (Bitcoin, generally) in 2025RankPoolEstimated Hashrate / Share1Foundry USA Pool (Private)~277 EH/s 2Antpool (Private)~146 EH/s 3ViaBTC (Private)~120 EH/s4F2Pool (Private)~77 EH/s 5Binance Pool (Private)~54 EH/sIMO, the mindset/values of the crypto community at large today is not the same as 2015. And based on these 2 charts, it seems like mining in 2025 is counter to the original ethos of BTC. Some argue the current state is anti-decentralization.&nbsp;Business fact, revenue models have a shelf life. There are about 29 BTC halvnings left. What will be the motivation for individuals and companies to secure the network after 2048? Arthur Hayes is predicting after 2028, the boom bust 4 year cycle won't matter any more to BTC&nbsp; because of cheap money flooding the system.As they say, time will tell.Final thought,&nbsp;securing the blockchain secures the bag, but not securing the blockchain is also a bag.PS: This is a evolving thought and part 2 likely. #&nbsp;NashEquilibrium #trekkw2ks &nbsp;#Trekkw2ksLive&nbsp; #CyberPunk #CrytpoCapitalism #BitcoinMining #CryptoMining #Blockchain &nbsp;