---
title: "0zy9y68a7b97a6f3f4ca7b26a3b02eac0e777"
date: 2025-11-11
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

11.11.2025Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,I missed a week... Did you miss me linkedIn? (dont answer that.)Nonetheless, I'm back with a key takeaway from Monday night's&nbsp;#Trekkw2ksLive&nbsp;.The takeaway is #AI will have its own "Google it" or "I Googled it" point/acceptance moment in the continually evolving/expanding netizen community.We already see people's everyday incorporation of platforms #ChatGPT now. I use it for my writings and college work. The integration is happening. People even use it for dating/relationship advice. What could go wrong?But how does it connect to crypto?Well, let me introduce you to what Reggie Middleton did with the #LLM crypto space expert Grok the other day.&nbsp;He had a open conversation (new voice feature) with #Grok to analyze Bitcoins development against his DLT (Distributed Ledger Technology) patents #US11196566, #US11895246, and #US12231579.Link to hear it with your own ears&nbsp;link. I see what you did there Reggie.Keep in mind, Crypto Twitter is a sizable community on X. And Grok is &#128175; tapped in to everything they post from price talk to technical break downs of BIPs (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal).So compared to LLMs like #Claude, #ChatGPT, #Qwen, #DeepSeek, etc. They are providing a delayed second-hand version of data even with the "search"(searching online) feature on. Meanwhile, Grok gets all the tea in near real time updates from the horses mouth. Whither that be a CEO, dev, angel investor or a #CryptoUnc like me in the space.Let me land the plane. LLMs are growing to be a new function of the WWW (internet) that can hold a conversation. And we trusting more of what they say. Keep in mind, some are just more tapped in than others.PS: Remember in crypto the tech works regardless of what Scott Bassent says. You don't need to pay #TradFi to manage staking for you.#Trekkw2ks #ScratchMyBrain #TrustedAIHola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,I missed a week... But now I'm back with a new takeaway from Monday night's&nbsp;#Trekkw2ksLive&nbsp;The takeaway is we are witnessing #AI have its own "Google it" normalization beyond the netizen community. It's anyone's guess on what verb finally sticks. Any guesses?We already see the integration into people's everyday lives. Personally, I use them for my blogs, YouTube thumbnails and college. People even use #ChatGPT for dating and relationship advice. What could go wrong?But where's the connection to crypto?Well, let me introduce you to what Reggie Middleton did with the #LLM crypto expert Grok the other day.&nbsp;He had an open conversation (new voice feature) with #Grok to analyze Bitcoin's development against his DLT (Distributed Ledger Technology) patents #US11196566, #US11895246, and #US12231579. You can Google them or ask an AI to verify &#128518;.&nbsp;Keep in mind, Crypto Twitter is a sizable community. With Grok integrated into X, it's &#128175; tapped in to everything posted from price talk to technical breakdown of BIPs (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal).So compared to other LLMs like #Claude or #DeepSeek, their output is delayed second-hand information even with the "search"(searching online) feature enabled. Meanwhile, whether it's a CEO, dev, investor or a #CryptoUnc like me, Grok gets all the tea in near real time updates from the horse's mouth.Let me land this plane. LLMs are growing to be a conversational layer of the internet. And as they hallucinate less, we're trusting more of what they say. Keep in mind, some are better tapped in than others to #SourceData.Is anyone else catching on to what Reggie is doing with these AI conversations?PS: Arguably Grok has started a data source war. However most people have no idea it's happening and gladly hand over their #DataSovereignty to build their own gilded cage for convenience.#Trekkw2ks #ScratchMyBrain #DataRecency