---
title: "1uaho92de5189d5f043f6ad81af01516ab76d"
date: 2023-11-14
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

11.14.23H0la Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I was today years old, when I learned that the United Nations' Declaration of #HumanRights is more of a suggested set of governing ideals vs the universal set of rules ever nation uses. Since we live in a digital, what I find interesting is none of the "rights" specifically address the sovereignty of a person. Technically, the word is used once between all 30 articles of human rights. However, it is used in relation to the type of country a person is connected to.So what brought me to this &#128007;&nbsp; &#128371; Earlier this week, I covered a article on #WeekendCrypto about the RState fining Coinbase a little over $11K. Which is arguably chump change for them, but whatever, it's not the point of today's textual rant. This story received next to no coverage. What's intriguing to me is why the &#128059; hit the American #CEX with the fined in the first place. It was over #DataStorage.Specfically, the Rstate believes that CB is violating it's # digital Sovereignty by not hosting the data of its' citizens locally. And yes, other American companies have been fined for the same thing. But where is this smoke for Binance?Article link: linkAnd you're welcome, even though I know you didnt ask, lol. This brings us to the rabbit hole of a nation's vs person's digital sovereignty. It opens a whooooole can of &#129713;/questions.&nbsp; For example, here are a few scratching my &#129504;. 1.&nbsp; Is a person's DS based the nation state's DS they hold citizenship to?2. What if they have more than one citizenship is there a primary secondary relation to their DS?3. Is DS effected by the physical location of the person or where the data is stored they generate?4. Is having #DigitalID and requirement to have positive control of one's DS?5. Can a person even enforce their DS in the current digital landscape?The takeaway for me, this action is an indicator that more countries will eventually try to exert positive control of their citizens' data by claiming digital sovereignty specifically relating to data storage. Which then will lead to a rehashing of digital sovereignty between people, the government, and the private sector. And much like the UN's Declaration of Human Rights, the suggested ideals will mention people but their ability to enforced DS at "home" will vary. In turn, in the coming years, creating a new type of global citizen as suggested in the book Sovereign Individual.Link to Weekend Crypto &#128073;&#127998; https://www.youtube.com/live/kmFHAdHP-ws?si=BZryv84wc69q-X39Tamra Groff Antonio Brasse, CPA, CIA, CFSA, CISA, CAMS Jonathan Brathwaite Najah Roberts George Pullen Marcus "Esports" Howard Ryan "Coop D'Ville" Cooper Amber D. Scott Silvana Ortega Sierra Marquis Allen Jaime Arroyave, Jr. #Trekkw2ks #PoverBDay #NoPriceTalk #CryptoNews #TheSubTekktsPS Most folks like the fancy wall paper in the walled garden. Most #Web3 folks just sell fancy wall paper.&nbsp;paper.