---
title: "2or018130dd25a6634fb58aabf48a782f6997"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

11-23-2019The Sea-Saw of Mass adoptionMass adoption will happen but no one has a step-by-step plan on how it will play out.I'm No OGBy some people's account, I'm considered an OG in the crypto space. For me, I've just had more time to be comfortable with the technology. I don't go back to the Charlie Sherm days of money orders but I remember before atomic swaps and in app coin/token conversions.&nbsp;The point is over time, I've seen the UI/UX of apps used to interact with blockchains streamline. I've seen coins/tokens come and go. And seen the crypto community grow in unexpected ways.&nbsp;Now I'm not the only geek in my circle who knows about it, anymore. But I'm still the first to be involved this level.Coming on near 11 years since the bitcoin genesis block, one question keeps getting asked; when will mass adoption happen? Followed by how?I'm no economist or historian in the academic sense. But I am a fan of history. I've been in the space for some time, and have been a few places around the world.As such, I've started to develop a theory on how mass adoption of blockchain/cryptos will take place. No, this isn't a 10 step program to mass adoption. It's just my perspective of what will lead to the adoption of blockchain/cryptos.My TheoryI call it the Sea-Saw Theory. The basic idea is that mass adoption of this technology is affected by 3 factors.&nbsp;1. The "top down and button up" model of adoption, ie, the government/corporations as the top and the citizens/people as the bottom.2. The open-source nature of blockchain technology. IMHO, this is the game-changing factor for development and deployment timescales.3. The cultural norms of dependance/acceptance of centralized authority as expressed in the social contract of that region.Over the last few years I've noticed the voice of government regulation getting louder and louder in the space. Setting my personal opinion aside in how this goes against the core value, I exhale as I write and push on.&nbsp;Nonetheless, this lends to first force. In this is the top down model, centralized authority push down to the public how it wants them to use the something. In this case it's blockchian/cryptos. .&nbsp;Up until now this model system of controlling adopting has worked. This is especially true in first tier countries like China and the US.But then we look at history, there have been examples of the government having to reverse what it put out because the people work following the law. In the america, prohibition.people who at this point do not understand the technology&nbsp;crypto aProhibition of alcohol&nbsp;What we see in the world.IranHongkong&nbsp;Venezuela&nbsp;Spain&nbsp;France