---
title: "z85js1f8e56a294d240fda9f2c93de16e7796"
date: 2023-11-20
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

11.20.23Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Has anyone seen the movie #TheCreator with John D. Washington (Denzel Washington's son)? I wouldn't say his acting is on par with his dad but he did well enough for me to watch the whole movie. These types of story lines always leave me with the same question, can equal rights ever be achieved without violence?&nbsp;Based on the real world of human history #AI is on the inevitable FAnFO path to learn why #HumansSuck (Samson quotable). Sorry Wall-E.Nonetheless, let me get to the point. This morning on #WeekendCrypto, I covered the following article about #HongKong being the first on the Belt Road Initiative to use #China's Central Bank Digital Currency. The folks who've been out that way know, Hong Kong is positioned as a very unique financial hub within the Asia region. In addition, IMO, it's a throttled bilateral corridor between mainland China and the rest of the world in both retail and institutional capital.So, how is this crypto connected you ask? Well, think about this, HK is the "only part" of China that allows CEXs to operate and have made a number of regulatory changes to govern their activities within its boarders. Which leaves me with a few questions:1. How long before we see BoC's #BlueDog playing in the crypto space (exchanges)?2. Is this China taking preemptive action to deal with future #CapitalFlight?4. What does that economic environment look like in 10 to 15 years with fiat, precious metals, crypto, and CBDCs operating in the space place?3. How many people actually know where HK sits on a map in relation to cstate FLAG? I looked it up, it turns out, I was confusing it with Singapore, lol.Random thought, I feel like I walk away with more questions than answers when covering these types of articles.Now, on to the other thing that scratched my brain. At time of writing, there are about 150 countries that have agreed to take part in the #BRI, which is being setup to showcase the People'sRepublic of China BlueDog. HK is a valid testing ground for the commercial and retail integration. It's within the direct reach of CCP to take action (just incase), yet has exposure to a number of foreign players who can experiment with the new financial instrument. Once the kinks get flattened out in 2024, I imagine seeing roll-outs in other locations along the ocean and land routes taking less than a year, maybe even 3 to 6 months.&nbsp;This leads me to the question, what legal secondary, gray and black markets will develop around these locations using this CBDC? And will the US try to block its citizens from these opportunities? Again, more questions than answers,If you're interested, here's the article link that lead to this #TheSubTekkts ramble:People's Bank of China Tests Digital Yuan Payment Integration in Hong Kong &ndash; Bitcoin NewsThe People's Bank of China (PBOC) is making technical tests to integrate the digital yuan for cross-border settlements in Hong Kong.link#Yuan #PRC #Trekkw2ks #PoverB #CapitalFlightControls #NoPriceTalk #EconomicSovereignty #PS IMO, the CBDC roller coaster will follow the same expansion and culling pattern as blockchain technologies but with government approved grifters and exit scams. Remember to smile for the picture on the way down.