---
title: "wuy3z09845a1028a74cfe803143d85414182b"
date: 2025-11-26
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

11.26.25Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;As a #CryptoUnc, there are moments I find my longevity in the space to be a double edged sword.Meaning on a good day I witness the space maturing and expanding for the betterment of ALL PEOPLE. But then there are other moments that just disgust me because it's totally opposite of the back in the day ideals. Such as Bitcoin being borderless and permissionless.The following video has 2 parts.The first part is of #EricTrump showcasing his Bitcoin mining facility in Texas. IMM, like father like sun. And now he's a #CryptoGrifter too. That clip made its rounds on Twitter.&nbsp;The second half of the video is my sanity and thank you to #EliTheComputerGuy. In the clip he highlights how in the age of anything can be national security, without evidence, the US keeps crying wolf arguably. Now to includes bitcoin miners. Which is laughable because it ignores how technology actually works.But why should the intell community or legislators care about the technical detail?But is this really about national security, nationalslism, or may reshoring production?&nbsp;Any remember WMDs?To Eli's point, practically anything can be a cyber threat, even a potato.&nbsp;Wyoming senetor Cynthia Lummas was the first person I heard introduce the American dominance narrative for Bitcoin on Anthony Pomplianous's podcast. I didn't agree with her nationalist views then and still don't see her as a friend to the space.Let's not forget how well the tariffs worked. Inflation is continuing to go up. More job are are being cut then usual for the season. And manufacturing plants are closing.I get it grifters are going to grift. But the way the administration and Trump clan are playing in the public's face and using tax funded government resources, is it no wonder people are losing trust in the government.&nbsp;PS: We're just short of a full year of the Trump administration. Come January it's 1 down and 3 more years to go. Buckle up G&amp;Gs, it's going to be a bumpy ride.#Trekkw2ks #TheSocialContract #CyberSecurity #China #CryptoMiningAI corrections:Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;As a #CryptoUnc, there are moments I find my longevity in the space to be a double-edged sword.Meaning on a good day I witness the space maturing and expanding for the betterment of ALL PEOPLE. But then there are other moments that just disgust me because it's totally opposite of the back in the day ideals. Such as Bitcoin being borderless and permissionless.The following video has 2 parts.The first part is of #EricTrump showcasing his Bitcoin mining facility in Texas. IMM, like father, like son. And now he's a #CryptoGrifter too. That clip made its rounds on Twitter.&nbsp;The second half of the video is my sanity and thank you to #EliTheComputerGuy. In the clip he highlights how, in the age where anything can be labeled national security without evidence, the US keeps crying wolf&mdash;arguably. Now it includes bitcoin miners. Which is laughable because it ignores how technology actually works.But why should the intel community or legislators care about the technical detail?But is this really about national security, nationalism, or maybe reshoring production?&nbsp;Anyone remember WMDs?To Eli's point, practically anything can be a cyber threat, even a potato.&nbsp;Wyoming senator Cynthia Lummis was the first person I heard introduce the American dominance narrative for Bitcoin on Anthony Pompliano's podcast. I didn't agree with her nationalist views then and still don't see her as a friend to the space.Let's not forget how well the tariffs worked. Inflation is continuing to go up. More jobs are being cut than usual for the season. And manufacturing plants are closing.I get it grifters are going to grift. But the way the administration and Trump clan are playing in the public's face and using tax-funded government resources, is it any wonder people are losing trust in the government.&nbsp;PS: We're just short of a full year of the Trump administration. Come January it's 1 down and 3 more years to go. Buckle up G&amp;Gs, it's going to be a bumpy ride.#Trekkw2ks #TheSocialContract #CyberSecurity #China #CryptoMining