---
title: "s9hg805ff1788b16a4a62a70e382ecd32ebaa"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

11.05.2021#RandomThoughts: Super Star EscapismHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I just happen to be dumpster diving through link and saw this post.I instantly lol to myself &#128518;&#128514;&#129315;.Why?Because #TheVoice &#127908; is just a modern rebrand of #StartSearch. But unlike the original 1983 to 1995 run, the goal wasn't to create #billboards toppers and Grammy award winners.Arguably, the show was made to distract (I mean entertain &#129318;&#127998;) the masses from the reality of the world. Remember what was going on in 2011 and who's presidency was in charge &#128580;. For those too young to get the reference, you can googly it.52 seasons later and how many stars were born and deals were cut. Honestly, I have no clue &#129335;&#127998;.But I do know Beyonc&eacute; (side not, did anyone notice that spellcheck will consider Bae's name incorrect without accented "e") was on Star Search. And she has way more Grammys than every contestant on The Voice.But no one cares that back in the day stuff being regurgitated as the "new new". Or the hard work and time that actually goes into being a #superstar.Much like the newbies pouring into the crypto space now.  It's all about the dream of making it BIG. Or at least watching someone else try.Thanks to TV and soon to be all encompassing #Metaverse (#NotFB, lol). The fantasy can be made to look, feel, and sound real.Because, everyone knows #escapism is a hell of a drug.#Trekkw2ks #StarPower #KaraokeCosplay&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_randomthoughts-thevoice-startsearch-activity-6873429580326154240-s67C