---
title: "s7hlpe4161c6dc7d34ff682d36b4a63b1f43c"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

11.22.2021#RandomThoughts: Blockchain, Books, and Blacks in Sci-fiHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So, for reasons beyond me, @George decided to text me @ 7 something in the AM to ask about &#128218;. Which is funny cause I stopped reading like two years ago. Everything is #AudioBooksandBuilid for me now. Ironically, @samson was the one who got me into audiobooks when talking about taxes.But that's not the point of this post. I have to add, even though he triggered this morning's carnival ride (thoughts in my head), don't blame the #MilkywayEconomy guy for where I go with this.&nbsp; And yes, knows I pulled a Samson and made that text into a post.As you can see I replied with a good range of books most will say cover the blockchain/crypto space. And with more pondering, I threw in Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson.To my surprise, of the 10 folks he asked, according to him it was "100% the most original recommendation".&nbsp;Three things came to mind . 1. It seems he likes to text people early in the am with brain power questions. 2. I was actually surprised because he knows smart people with letters before or after their name. And I'm just the &#128104;&#127998;&zwj;&#129458; who talks about blockchain and crypto stuff to avoid working a 9 to 5, lol3. ReadyPlayer One the movie shorts the book and that books shorts Stephenson's book.That last part is what brightened the lights at the carnival. IMO, even though Snow Crash is Sci-fi and never uses the words blockchain or crypto. I'd argue it's still talking about the technology and providing a more technical explanation of how the back end works. While RPO gives the fancy front end stuff that most people visualize because they saw the Spielberg movie that screen shots the book. Nonetheless, I did like both the book and movie.Falling into down the &#128007;&#128371;? How does a one of the cyberpunk classics still go largely unnoticed considering all the #metaverse talk these days? Why is it so hard to find online a book version rendering of Wad Watts before the movie? Yet you can find Hiro fan art going back to when the book was published. Why don't more blacks in the space know about this book considering the main character is identified as black Korean? How did the publishing company take it when Stephen sent the final draft? Because going by some of the book covers I've seen, it looks like they were hiding the identity of Hiro. Would RPO have worked for the big screen if the protagonist was black? Does society have an issues with black characters as intelliectual hero?Epphany in the moment of writing this. That's what #Marvel did the Black Panther &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️. Really just put that together.&nbsp;Am I being too much of a geek right now? Hmmm... Maybe?Does this even matter? Arguably, yes. On the #popculture side of things, it don't pop if blacks don't get involved. While on the tech and business side we're always there but ever seems to get the same level of shine for our efforts and contributions.&nbsp;So yes, even if Hiro is a made up character.#Trekkw2ks #