---
title: "s9yop5bfe6f6287a94ce8a261cf887b7d18d2"
date: 2021-12-07
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.07.202 RandonThoughts: Poor Politicians, Is That A Thing?Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Have to admin, I was &#128175;% skeptical of #AOC response to the question of "owning" bitcoin. Especially, after the reading the actual article.&nbsp;Let's stick a &#128204; in that for the moment.I remember when good old &#129365; top came into to office and the media made such a uproar about his tax filings. And then when it was release antiTumpers came out the woodwork to poking fun at his business revenue number. It was the #smoking &#128299; that he was a poor leader/president because his businesses made no to little profit according to those public fillings.But in paying attention to folks who can add and subtract waaaay better than me. I started to learn that what wasn't being explain was the #loopholes he was using to make the numbers look low.&nbsp;A top-notch CPA and lawyer combo make the power couple in his threesome.&nbsp;Now back to AOC. Of course I don't have proof she has any crypto. I'm a outsider after all.But I do think #Loop makes a valid point about her public fillings. I wonder what they would look like with a fine tooth comb?In cause you forgot #FedChairPowell was/is making &#128176; off of the industry his office has influence over. But thanks to a internal investigation, it is ok because it's actually a #FamilyTrust that OWNED the assets.See why words matter and context can be subjective.As #theTrustlessDecade moves forward, I expect to see more cross brand for her in the space like Senator Cynthia Lummis and SEC Heaster Peirce (not the moma, &#128514;) .Hell, she could be CoinDesk's most "Influential List" before 2025.The point, no one stays in politics to stay poor.#Trekkw2ks #PoliticsAsUsual