---
title: "s9hg8773a01e7f3fb463ba448965ca163dc1b"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.04.2021#RandomThoughts: Cryptos For Debt?Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So, in case you missed it, the US just allowed #DebtCollectors (2nd most hated person to the #TaxCollector) to slide into your SoMe DMs. Basically, whatever platform you're on that has #PII. If you own someone&#128178;(or some 1 who claims you owe), expect to receive a private message asking you to pony up the funds.Funny how that went into effect before the major shopping holidays stateside &#128580;. The bigger irony, this new regulation was thanks to the #ConsumerFinancialProtectionBurea. Yes, you read it correctly &#128583;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Shout out to #KenSchortgen for putting this on my radar.As always the carnival &#127904; lights up when it comes to topics like this. Remember, the decade is still young and the US likes to move the goal post when it comes to helping the #privatesecoter make &#128181; at public expense.&nbsp;The following thoughts have no order or relation aside from my crypto POV.1️⃣&nbsp;I think the saying goes "the road to hell is paved with good intentions..." Although those were the stated intentions, there will be negative effects. The question is how much can you reduce the impact by being proactive. Most folks will get washed out like a tsunami &#127754; on a beach front house.2️⃣ Before the decade ends, I can see collectors accepting cryptos as a payment option. This is part of the road map to how some people see #massadoption.3️⃣ This will be a new revenue for CEXs and crypto related companies to sell your PII to collection agencies. IAH, it was probably already happening. And this is regulation catching up to the industry.4️⃣ Incase you forgot, in forever ago (according to crypto time), in the last 2 years, there have been several major #dataleaks of PII in the space. Guess who bought that info?&nbsp;5️⃣ The best #CyberSecurity logic is not a If but WHEN. Most of the newbies pouring into the space are going through KYC based platforms. And don't understand how the first sentence applies to them increasing the chances of the "when".6️⃣ CEXs that says it wants to be the 21st century bank is also saying it will give governments and other private companies the ability to take your crypto. And will work with the tax and debt collectors too.7️⃣ Aside from using AML "transportation" reg to hold/freeze funds. I can see #DoddFranksACT2019 (I think it's section 2 par 2) applying to centralized parts of the space (even those marketed as decentralized). Collectors will contact companies about what you owe. Remember not your &#128273; not your &#129472;.8️⃣ Universal law is to pay off the debt (financial or karma) you rack up. #C19 inspired fed &#129313;money made poor folks think they could live like the rich/wealthy people. Sorry to say, the system doens't work like that for us.The point to it all, stop living beyond your means and pay back your debt before the DMs start blowing up.Remember, the #TrustlessDecade is just starting.#Trekkw2ks #CryptosforDebt