---
title: "s9hg80fcf68cbfcf44dbbb65cdd9fdb0d22f2"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.01.2021#QualitativeObservation: I'm Rich B!t&cent;h?&nbsp;Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;Since leaving defense contracting to make my #ironpayments into the world of entrepreneurship via the blockchain/crypto space (and some #GigEconomy stuff too). I've learned that money isn't a motivator for me. I'd rather a piece of mind over chasing a check.&nbsp;That being said, today I learned that according to uncle Sam's #funnymoney system&#129313;. I'm looking pretty good on paper. Which is even funnier &#128514; cause I don't leave money in the bank (except bill&#128178;) and haven't worked a regular 9 to 5 since 2018 &#129327;.&nbsp;And two of those years were while dealing with C19.&nbsp;To be clear, I have no clue how I pulled that off. But so far so good, I guess.&nbsp;A few weeks back at a Holloween party. I was sideways being interviewed by a lovely lady in a very cute &#128008; suite. After the convo, I realized, I don't fit the mold for many of "check the box" things that are generally expected for someone my age, with my experience, and back ground.&nbsp;In all directness, I'm don't live a baller life and I'm definitely not #CryptoRich. And to be honest, I'm ok with that. I travel more than folks I know who make way more than me. And based on those convos, I'm happier and less stressed. Go figure &#129300;.&nbsp;What I do isn't relegated to location or set hours per week. It took a while to figure out how to do that. But I did (go me, &#128079;&#127998;&#128079;&#127998;&#128079;&#127998;).&nbsp;On a closing note, the life I live isn't for everyone. I tell folks that all the time. And dating me isn't for the faint hearted but I make a dynamite breakfast, lol.&nbsp; #Trekkw2ks Freedom #MyLife #P0verB&nbsp;link