---
title: "ta42nc7c34220f3114f8a80aa8ad4badbdf07"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.19.2021Getting Invited To The Kool Kids PartyHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,This is kind of a PSA because MOST people have NOOOO idea that this happened. I remember back around 2016 or so CreditUnions came on my radar. Until then all I knew about were the big &#127974; (Bank of America, Chase, and Wells Fargo). In the banking world, Credit Unions are the what ever counts as not kool these days. I would've said nerds and geeks but if you look around they're winning.&nbsp; On a side note, CUs have the crappiest apps and websites. In the age of Wix and WebFlow, you'd think they could contract for better.The pro argued for CU is they have more impact on local economics. Why? Because you have a better chance of getting a loan to start/invest in a business or personal loan to spend within the local economy. I got mine to get a Suzuki 650&nbsp; &#127949; (riders know what I'm talking about).Over the years, I've met a few people who worked in smaller banks and credit unions. I would ask about crypto and I'd hear the same thing over and over, "we're not touching it, until the regulators provide clarity". Which I took as "we're scared as shit and not doing anything until the big banks get their position in the space. And we need regulators to give us permission to get the crumbs". Yes, that was the voice in my head.Now, here are 4 plus years later and will you look at that. Credit Unions finally got invited to the kool kids party. I would like to point out that Fidelity was active in the space from around 2017 but didn't go public about it till 2019. They didn't wait too get invited. They made their own party.TBH, I don't trust banks of any kind with my fiat. So, I can't see using them to hold any crypto. Plus there is the whole regulatory stuff about ownership. Nonetheless, I know that Credit Unions will have members who will want to use them for this. But more importantly, they will need help from people who actually know how the space works.If you're a member, work at, or&nbsp; know someone at a credit union. Please, let them know 2022 in knocking, there's more the crumbs and my DM is open.&nbsp;PS: For the number crunchers. According to the National Credit Association, since 2013, nearly 1000 CUs have closed, leaving the total at 5,298. Their deposit holding is $1.22 trillion from 120.4 million members. Not big banks numbers but still sizable. How many will be left come 2023? In the age of crypto, will credit unions adopt or die a slow death?Link to the full article:linkTrekkw2ks RandomThought FranksDoddAct economicsovereignty ConsultingGig&nbsp;linkedin post:&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_creditunions-nerds-geeks-activity-6879083704661241856-C1jf