---
title: "ta42n0aedea99a69b4c859bc350c0a0a68dd0"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.16.2021Revamp book idea-wrote this out on the plane ride back home from FL. Relocated mom.Title options1.&nbsp; Building My BrandEcho: The First 5 Years2. My BrandEcho: Learning How to Build it3. Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;, I'm Trekkw2ks.4. I'm Trekkw2ks5. The shit process of building the Trekkw2ks BrandEch6. Hola Hola G&amp;Gs &#128406;&#127998;7. Trekkw2ks: The Process Behind the BrandEcho8. Trekkw2ks: The first 5 Years of Building the BrandEcho9.&nbsp; Fck the last 5 years: building Trekkw2ks BrandEcho10. Trekkw2ks: Building the BrandEcho11. Trekkw2ks: The Real Shit on How I Built The BrandEchoSections how many?- break the book down into 3 sections?-should I use chapters or just cover topics learned along the way?Things to write about:1- the start of the idea to work in the crypto space2- learning how to create content3- using content calenders4- the podcast5- learning to edit audio and video6- learning to auto stuff.7- nearly losing the house8- getting scammed on the website9- learning how to get paid for writing.10- losing all my personal vlogs.11- learning to keep better records of my content12- working to be voice searchable13- the 10 year book idea14- getting shadow band on SoMe15- being searchable with out a #16- entering into the nft space17- not knowing what I was doing18- meeting Samson19- meeting Bettianne20- applying what Gary vee was talking about21- hating the space and the path to mass adoption22- Nathan Hawk giving me my first mic to talk23- first time being a moderator. Thanks Joseph24- meeting bruce25- meeting Bruce26- becoming jaded about the space27- trying to be a couch28- knowing shit but not how to charge for it29- separating personal some from brand social30- meeting ken bosak31- Meeting Rachel32- meeting King and Bitcoin Zay33- coming up with the them days for content from Baltimore Innovation Week 201834- not wanting to be in the spotlight35- investing in people. The hell of it.36- traveling to south africa for crypto37- learning how to use Twitter and write shorter.38- struggling to find content39- finding your voice40- conveying your intellectual capital&nbsp;41- jumping on content waves42-being authentic43- sharing something thanks to Seth44- when no one gets what you do45- when no one believes in you46- rich in crypto but broke in real like47- Ann took me out for my birthday in Toronto.48- thinking small about the brand50- moving with intention