---
title: "s9yop3a13421abcd240f38b7245df59a540c2"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.14.2021#RandomThoughts: The Rekt It Ralph MomentHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Who remembers the game Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles? I'm talking the 89 version. I bet the song started playing in your head, lol. Now, stick a &#128204; in that thought. We'll get back to it.A few days ago, I was taken down memory lane thanks to my cousin who is also a geek, lol.How you ask?Well, the other night we hung out. My cousin suggested a #arcade. And to be honest, I was thinking it would be like a #DaveandBusters set up.But to my surprise #LowryArcade in #Tampa is full retro. That picture is from out side. When you go inside, its all the classics. There a whole wall of #pinball games. In addition, to original arcade games. They are integrating some of the new stuff too. That night they had a sign up sheet for #Oculus games. They even host a karaoke night they call #Nerdyoke.So, back to the point, I'm looking for my cousin and I find him in the back playing #TMNT. I say hey, go get a drink and tokens. And we blow throw lives with him for about 40 mins while joking. TBH, I didn't care about "wasting" lives.It was about the nostalgia. This was one of my fav games for #Nintendo. At 41 years of age, I had a matured #BrandEcho moment, lol.Now, let get into #theCarnival&#127904; and the random thoughts that come from it.It turns out, they don't open till 5 PM. Meaning there are day hours that the space isn't being used. And the following biz ideas come to mind:1- Why not host a learning space for people who want to learn how to create assets in VR/AR aka #NFTs.&nbsp;2- Why not host play-to-earn tournaments.&nbsp;3- Reach out to #PTE games for some kind of collaboration for market/beta testing?4- get a crypto ATM? I'll stop there cause I can ramble for ever. This place has been around since 2016. I'm curious on how they'll fair through #theTrustLessDecade. And considering the rapid expansion of the Metaverse. I wonder how they plane to stay relevant to this new environment. I should go back and ask.Also, if you didn't watch Ralph Breaks the Internet: Wreck-It Ralph 2. The arcade stuff may have flown over you head.#Trekkw2ks #MetaVerse #AR #BusinessIdeas #RetroGames #VR #Oculus #nikehttps://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_randomthoughts-arcade-daveandbusters-activity-6876615605101858816-iMYq