---
title: "thfrz2c29c6cb91dd4837b74649ca40053c63"
date: 2021-12-29
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.29.2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,During Xmas, I binged on a Korean sci-fi series called #TheSilentSeas. Apparently, I was late because it as good as #SquidGames.The plot twist of the show got the #carnival&#127904; going.&nbsp;What does a good movie or TV series rapped up in scifi, detective, or drama story line have in common with crypto?Arguably, I'd say there share&nbsp; several things. Greed, control,&nbsp; humanity's nature of missing things up and then doing conspiracy like things for&nbsp; "greater good" or to maintain the status quo.So for example, the letter boys and girls go of and play psych-ops games in for away places. Then a country get put on a #SWIFT time out or a proxy war happens. But no one talks about what or who caused it.In the states, deep pockets fund both sides of the aisle to protect industries and investments. We all see it but still promote national elections as the best way to make change.In traditional finance #WallStDaddys play to main street's economic ruin. And those of us paying attention see the same pattern emerging in the space. I'm not talking about the centralized companies. IMO, the real dangers are the ones marketed as #web3, #DeFi and #decentralized on the front end. But as I've said, the devil is in the details (on the back).&nbsp;As I mentioned in yesterday's post, the crypto space is a big experiment. What the show made me realize is those of us early to the space are experiencing the wild wild west testing of new technologies combined with social engineering. Which will eventually be streamlined and brought to market, aka #MassAdoption.No spoiler to the show. But that's kinda what happened. There was experimentation going on, away from gaze of regulators to streamline a product for the greater good of humanity, while making money.The show also made me think about Samson Williams' and George Pullen's fav topic, #TheMilkywayEconomy. Yes, we all know money will be made in the new frontier. But I wonder, will pharmaceutical companies play in space like they do in 2nd and 3rd tiers countries here on earth?#Trekkw2ks #RandomThoughts #HumansSuck #CustodialLs #WooWoo #BlackMirror&nbsp;link