---
title: "ta42n1a87bc3e049b46ceafea86c7790e138f"
date: 2021-12-24
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.24.2021Through Experience You LearnHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Earlier this week bruce made a post about understanding and learning how things work by experiencing them. He was referring to building/trying things that exist in blockchain, crypto, web3, and metaverse. Meaning the things that make up the ecosystem like a node, blockchain, a website, NFT, etc. The link for his post is at the bottom for those who'd like to read it for themselves.&nbsp;I've mentioned it before, I'm a two feet in, head first kind of person when it comes to trying to understand things, especially tech. Of all the techie things that have captured my attention in life. The blockchain/crypto ecosystem has held the longest and been the most interesting to explore. For me (and others who learn by doing), the opensource nature of the technology has lowered the barrier to entry to learn how things function. I know most folks don't care to understand the process that yields their desired end result. But for what every reason, that gets the lights at my carnival&#127904; going.I can't say I'm the SME on all things crypto. But I can say, I've understand more than folks who just read about the space, listen to talking points from misinformed regulators, or just started trading in the summer of 2020.&nbsp;So far, I've tried trading crypto, I suck at it.I've bought crypto and lost it &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.I've mined. That was a learning process.I've started learning to code JavaScript again.I've made my own web site. Not from scratch.I did a solidity smart contract but it was a template for a zombie game. I can't remember the name of the project but I know they were on Ethereum.I started running a node. Still have more to learn about that.I minted NFTs. I call it GhostMinting. Samson's NiftyAasNFT collention has gone up in value with ETH. The listing price was .02 but not the floor for his PoC is .06. For those interested. Here's the Opensea link:&nbsp;linkNow about the image you see below. I've had a Oculus for over a year now. And haven't touched it in about a year, lol. This week I learned about Gravity Sketch (yeah I'm late the &#127881;). The logo below is me messing around with the app. Only showing the screen shot here is so limiting to see and experience what it looks like. The creation process took some getting use to. Mainly, rethinking how to design in #3D. It took a few nights (and youtube vids) to get use to the controls and tools, but feel like I just open up a whole new &#127757; of possibilities.Now, I have something new to add to my list. And believe it or not, this counts as an upskill. I'm learning how to create in a new tool.Even though, I see it as another year of trial and error while failing forward.&nbsp;I'm more excited about 2022 and what I create.Btw, what's on your list?Bruce's post:&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/posts/brucebates_cryptocurrency-blockchain-node-activity-6879469068726996992-VU1rPS: the logo is already registered by the owner of the company.Trekkw2ks ThinkersnDoers P0over VR AR CreationSpace