---
title: "thfrze5f3a16da3684c50a8c7be1f81bac6d0"
date: 2021-12-29
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.29.2021Hola Hola GnG &#128406;&#127998;,2021 is coming to a close and the new hot take is #NFT based loans will be a thing. If you didn't hear, link is going to allow users to user to use them as collateral. Get ready to see more &#128053; see &#128053; do.And let's not forget, crypto related companies will #MakeItRain like a stripe club with #airdrops in the new year. Hopefully, no one catches anything "bad", lol. Be careful Samson Williams.Moreover, we can't ignore the elephant in the room. Like 1970 super villain, the eyes of scammers and the taxman are lighting up while they fiendishly rubbing their &#128080;&#127998; together just waiting to get their cut. Man, I wish there was a emoji for that.Also, does anyone remember the post I did about #CreditUnions getting permission to get involved in crypto. Well here's more interesting news, IMO. FTX is offering $1,000,000 to traditional banks and other financial institutions for using stablecoins. More importantly, they have already started talking to credit unions. I can't say if this is a good or bad thing. But it looks like they are taking the lead to ask for forgiveness and not permission like #FaceBook did.Oh and I did a thing on OpenSea. It's called #PokeTheBear.Remember, I said this space is all about trial and error while failing forward. So, let see what this collaboration project does. BTW, there's a different #bear one on Wax and Tezos.Bruce Bates &#127758; ₿enjamin Sangwa&#128065; Ryan "Coop D'Ville" Cooper &#128268;Stephen Brent Sargeant Anthony "Pomp" Pompliano Phil Doyle Bettinna &#128050; Thibault Launay Fraser (Nfiniti.eth) Rushton Kevin Lawson Keir Finlow-Bates Paula Marie Kilgarriff &#128126; &#127987;️&#127752; Paul McNealClick the links below to get one.Opensea- https://opensea.io/assets/matic/0x2953399124f0cbb46d2cbacd8a89cf0599974963/46846041053904764807797878788856407836617703263934662698360802408712833597465/Wax-&nbsp;http://tinyurl.com/pokebearonwaxTezos- http://tinyurl.com/pokebearontez#Trekkw2ks #CustodialLs #ThinkersandDoers #P0verB #Polygon #web3 #historyLinkedin-&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_nft-makeitrain-airdrops-activity-6882020933700349953-nsjp&nbsp;