---
title: "thfrzf5c3e541a2254c7e8438ccad0754edad"
date: 2021-12-27
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.27.2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So, who's ready for 2022 and the coming #MakeItRain like a strip club mentally that seems to be prevailing in the space?Have no clue what I'm talking about about &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Well, here's the cliff note.There's this things called a #airpdrop. It is when crypto project/company adds a coin/token (and now NFTs) to your public wallet address.&nbsp; The trend has recently changed, partly because of scammers. Now you have to "claim" it. You can googly how that works.Back in 2014, a long long time ago according to #cryptotime. A company name #Auroracoin did the first airdrop for the citizens of #Iceland. It still exist today. You can &#129414;&#129414; Go the rest of their story.During the #ICO phase, airpdrops were around but not seen as a valuable growth hacking tool. Back then the narrative was about retail folks getting in early by giving &#128176; and attention to projects. Airdrops started to change that dynamic.That being said, #CryptoPunks is seen as the start of the NFT movement with their airdrop back in 2017. Who knew it would make it this big? No one. Anyone who says different is lying.IMO, something changed during the C19 economic wows. Sice having my come to jesus moment. I've said it more than once, the crypto space is a big experiment.What am I talking about?&nbsp;Look up the meme #MoenyGoBrrr. The short of it is that because a meme because the US Federal Reserve went on a money printing spree during the &#127757; lockdown. Good or bad, I think the crypto &#129497;&#127999;&zwj;♂️ ran with this government practice and put their spin on it. And thanks to expansion of #crowdfunding, #VCs, and #AnglesInvestors more funding has come in to try new ideas.Remember at core, these are tech companies backed by people who want to make more money. Which have a monkey see &#128018; do mentality. So, once one does it, eventually the others follow. If you haven't payed any to the financial news. All you hear about is how big numbers are. Who raised this many millions and who paid that many millions.&nbsp; That's the FOMO marketing. Nearly no talk about actual utility. Most of them are #vaporware anyway.As far as regulations go. This isn't the 2015 wild wild west. Regulators are still building the fence around CEXs. Airdrops in DeFi are a whole new animal.So, what's the point? Next year, whether new or old in the space. We will see airdrops coming from all types of known and unknown projects/companies. Oh and you can't forget the scammers. Like the IRS, if their is money to he made, they will be there too. Not sure how long it will last, but I see airdrops as the new ICO phase for this decade.Arguably, the upside is you don't have to dance to make it rain.#Trekkw2ks #RandomThoughts #P0verB #ThinnkersnDoers link