---
title: "ta42n38a218b454644c67879cbd75cdd2d7ad"
date: 2021-12-22
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.22.2021But How Did They Find It?Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I came across a story this morning that led me to the DoJ document you see below.TBC, I'm not supporting fraud or the use of crypto in this manner. That's for my compliance people.Let me frame to this. The post I saw was by PayneFullHuman (@Twitter). It was a Yahoo finance piece that was a copy of Business Insider article. I followed that to the DoJ site.But why go through all the swiping?Well because there was a line in the story that didn't make sense to me.&nbsp; It said "Law enforcement from the US and Japan eventually FOUND the private &#128477;️." And so the carnival&#127904; lights light upFirst thing to note, the way the story is worded in YF and BI is not what ways actually said at the DoJ press release. For example it alludes to a raid or sting described as a "coordinated effort".So, why does this even matter?Well the accused, Rei Ishii, used a ColdStorage wallet to hold the BTC value of the stolen funds from Sony life insurance. The second thing to note is there is no mention of wallet was used. Which make more questions.If you been in the crypto space for any amount of time. It is constantly beat into your head that cold storage wallets are the most secure way to hold you crypto. But is that really true if LE can just "find" your private key?I think the real question is does one of the cold storage wallets have a back door or vulnerability? Or maybe one of the wallets are turning over private keys to LE? If so how? Or did they do Rei like they did RossUlbricht? You can googly his story.Honestly, not sure. I believe the Freaky Boys International left out certain details on purpose.Nonetheless, this goes to show people are greedy (makes me wonder if Rei gambled). Even the smartest person can do dumb shit. And if your a criminal watch out because the FBI can just find your private when they want to.@trezor @safeway @ledgerlinkTrekkw2ks CryptoSecurity FreeRoss HumanSuck GamblingGabit RandomThoughts CustodialLLinkedIn URL:&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6879461262678487040/?commentUrn=urn%3Ali%3Acomment%3A(activity%3A6879461262678487040%2C6879462702238982144)