---
title: "thfrzd05323adc8e6473689314d2c421bc967"
date: 2021-12-30
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.30.2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,It's funny how the universe works. I put out a post about culling my contacts/SoMe connections and out of nowhere Jaime hits me up for a check-in. I wonder who else didn't see my post, lol.So last night, over top notch #Jamaicanfood (in #Baltimore) and #cigars, we chopped it up about family stuff, our lessons learned, and how we've seen the space (and people) grow/change over the last 24 months. We talked for talked for over 3 hours. Least to say there was a lot to catch up on.One of the things I've grown to understand more over the years is that building a network takes time. But assembling a #HighValueNetwork requires rapport. And you can't develope that by just talking at one event or just making one comment on a post. Jaime is my earliest example of that lesson. And he's was the first person to work with me to create and host a panel about blockchain at Bowie State.We learned our lessons from that and did a even bigger event for Baltimore Innovation Week in 2019. It was one of the best attended events for that week Thanks to cheer, Samson, and Jim kyung soo leiew for being panelists. Sad to say, that's was the first and last blockchain related event to happen during BIW.Nonetheless, I'm still thankful to have him in my network. And I appreciate the advice he gives. Hopefully, we can work on some else again soon. 2022 is practically here and opportunities are abound.&nbsp;#Trekkw2ks #P0verB #ThinkersnDoers #CheckInLinkedIn:&nbsp;link