---
title: "s9yop687ce0b235064b03ae72ead2d2a6a610"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.13.2021&nbsp;#QualitativeObservation : The Cost of FreeHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,IMO, the following is what could be argued as #HalfAssHatin. Not me, the other guy, really lol.,&nbsp; I don't know @michael James Slattry from a can of paint, btw. But I thought his logic was interesting to question @Andreas for charging for his educational products. Which he also gives out for free. Something the people who follow him know. You just have to read all the books and watch all the videos to get it.Follow me down memory lane for a little. I'll come back to Michael in a min. I promise &#128591;&#127998;.&nbsp;Back in the day (2017/18 #CryptoTyme, lol). I was a wide-eyed&nbsp;#shades&nbsp;wearing bald guy who wanted to go out and give the world crypto knowledge for free. I spent hours and days doing the leg work to find all the #FreeInfo from learning to code and to using a wallets. And I would explain to people "hey, here are the links that have all the free information you need to learn about the space and do what I do". I went to my friends and family first. It took me 5 years to convince one battle (military friend) to buy $25 worth of BTC. To this day for all the family I went to, only 3 have some skin in the game. No one is any where near doing what I do. And now, I too charge a #ConvienceFee for free information.Now, back to Michael's comment. There are thousands of online sites and podcasts that provide information for free (on various subjects) that someone some where else charges for. And there's this place called a library with these things called books. They allow you to &#128583;&#127998;&zwj;♂️ them for FREEEE!!!. The simple fact of the matter is most people don't care for free information because they don't want to deal with the time and effort involved in learning the subject. Not to mention, it reduces their risk (accountability) ratio if something goes wrong. So, when they don't get the results they saw others achieve, you hear "it wasn't me, the course was bad or the information was useless".Oh and here's a lil irony to the psychology of it. Most of the people who pay for a online products or services, don't use it (&#128587;&#127998;&zwj;♂️ yep, I was that guy). For whatever reason people like paying for the info so they can brag about paying for the information. Which is really a costly vicarious way of living to say their a part of the #InTheKnowCrowd.Last thing to say, I didn't notice it till writing this. But again according to Michael's logic. He shouldn't have a job. We have #smartphones and #apps for what he does, lol. You gotta love people. But as the #UnofficalMentor&nbsp; @sasom says #HumansSuck.PS: AToW there was no response by Micheal.#Trekkw2ks #P0verB #DigialContent #PayAttention #AndreasAntopnopalosLink:&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6876212562174742528/&nbsp;