---
title: "s9yop1d5d0eb061c74c54857ff74e3a27f4c7"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.15.2021#QualitativeObservation&nbsp;: The &#128024; and &#128052; ShowHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,If your in the crypto space, I assume by now you've heard about #SenatorWarrens "great" #DeFi speech during the #stablecoin committee hearing.#CryptoTwitter was ruthless with calling her out for the contractions in her aid written (more than likely) speech. There was the whole "protecting the people" line, the Fed manipulating the economy, her #WallStDaddy connections, and how stablecoins actually work in DeFi. She proved she and her writer have #noclue.And I'm not even going to give name two the 2 witnesses she had. In part cause I'm being lazy. But mainly cause what they said only makes sense if you believe the narrative of the &#128181;, everything is ok in the economy, and the government (private sector) must have the power to manipulate markets.Nonetheless, that's not the point of this post.&nbsp;As a believer in the &#129497;&#127998; money who understand the tech. I listened to the recent hearings and &#129300;. How do&nbsp;#electedofficials come up with these technically wrong, misleading, and plan dumb POVs. And better yet, do they even understand what they are reciting for the record? IMO, you can clearly hear they don't, by how they read the copy.So, it begs the question why isn't #Pocahontas and the like talking to people like link, Najah Robertsge, Cleve Mesidor, Maureen L. Murat, Esq., George Pullen. or Jonathan C. Dunsmoor. IMO, they actually know what they're talking about. They're at the ground level working to bring effective solutions to the people.But, then I remembered two reports came out about crypto this quarter, that no one seems to talk about. One was by the #IMF (International Monetary Fund) that basically said crypto is bad for economic stability. And governments need to take action against it. The more interesting report was by #OFAC (Office of Foreign Asset Control). That report actually provided the talking points and regulatory guidance governments should implement in place to counter the growth of people using cryptos.&nbsp;If you have no clue who OFAC is, it a simple google. You'd be surprised who is and is not on the international board. And the reach they have.The point of today's ramble is the &#128054; and &#128014; show of committee hearings is arguably just elected official repeating what's already being decided by unelected government officials. Don't believe me. Read the 28 page report. Then just wait and see what the senate and house members say in #theTrustlessDecade ahead.Tamra Groff Anthony "Pomp" Pompliano Jonathan Brathwaite Bruce Bates Bettinna &#128050; &#128268;Stephen Brent Sargeant Memme Onwudiwe#Trekkw2ks #WordforWord #DigitalAssets #CBDCs #controlHear it for yourself form Warren.https://t.co/hMOT1HIQgnDoT link for OFAC reporthttps://home.treasury.gov/system/files/126/virtual_currency_guidance_brochure.pdfLinkedIn posthttps://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_elizabeth-warren-on-twitter-activity-6876975984080392193-wSBC