---
title: "thfrzbc4b978bcc494aadb3b503fbed626375"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

12.31.2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Today's post is for all the none-technical supporter of the Ethereum blockchain. I'm not talking to you #EthereumClassic folks. You'll already know what's up.&nbsp;I don't know how to break it to you. And please read more than once if necessary. Particularly, folks who finally jumped into crypto 2019 or after.CODE IS NOT LAW IN THE ETHEREUM ECOSYSTEM!!! Anyone who tells you different doesn't know what they are talking about.Once again a major company in the space shows us that the narrative of decentralization is only used market and not done in practice depending on who you are. In this case it was OpenSea . And at the end of the day, most people just talk big about being in #blockchain, #crypto, #NFTs, and blah blah, blah. Decentralization is all good till a perceived value is lost/stolen.But when they do something stupid that shows their ignorance to the technology. They cry for help and protection and want to hold someone else accountable to make them whole. BTW, I'm talking about #ToddKramer who's the subject of the Cointelegraph&nbsp;&nbsp; article. Link below.Now, I understand this is a business move for OpenSea. And yes, I get something was "stolen". But let's talk about the art gallery owner's accountability is this digital thrift. Alegidly, he fell for a phishing scam on his phone. Which also had his MetaMask wallet with his NFTs worth $2.2 million.&nbsp;And here's why I don't feel sorry for Kramer. 1. He did it to himself.2. There is a caveat to #CodeIsLaw. It depends on who you are in the #EthereumEcosystem. Case in point, there were 2 other individuals mentioned in the article who also had NFTs stolen. But #OpenSea didn't freeze their stuff. I wonder why &#129300;?So, remember 2022 is practically here. #HumansSuck, according to Samson Williams. And IMO, we're all seen as fair game for companies, governments and scammers. I wish everyone the best &#128406;&#127998; in theTurstlessDecade.#Trekkw2ks #quala #opsec #coldstorage #hotwalletLinkedIn:&nbsp;link