---
title: "7vxqbc39dba515f6e46a49056e76eb9446da1"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

1st Night In LisbonHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Well made it to #Lisbon. First night and I didn't make it back till 5am.&nbsp;So, how does that happen?&nbsp;Here's some of the details. I made it to the hotel by 1030 pm (local time) to rush and record my #WeekendCrypto segment for the Gentlemen of Crypto #youtube channel.&nbsp; Once I finished recording, I went out side looking for food. Already standing outside of the hotel were some #BlkW3b scholars. Never met them irl before that moment, but hoped in a #Boalt (local ride share that is waaaay more cost effective than #uber) with them to attend some after party.&nbsp;Yes, I'm one of those go with the flow types, lol.I figured there would be food there and I could edit my video and upload on the go. I was half right &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.There was food, but it was pastry finger stuff. My service was crappy inside the building. Lisbon is a olllld ass city. I didn't start editing till about 30 mins before the place closed @ 2AM. Still didn't get food food but the high light was I ran into some folks I knew from the states.From there, we ended up at a local food place that closed at 4am. Ended up getting what I'm calling a reverse sausage &#127829;. I've never had that much of a jaw workout to eat bread and meat. Save those details for another story.#PSA for all future travelers, make sure to bring comfortable shoes. Lisbon is a "walkable" city but the hills are real out here. It's like everything is built like the #SouthBronx but steeper. Oh and if you don't like to explore food options this might not work for you.But nonetheless, the #BlkW3b folks I met last night were a welcoming bunch. The collective ranges from full stack devs, VA, to entrepreneurs. Actually makes me &#129300; how I got in with this lot? And TBH, is a little overwhelming.But more importantly, don't forget if you're at #NEARCon, I'm hear till the 15th. Open convos are welcomed and held over food and drinks is highly encouraged.#Tekkw2ks #LisbonStreets #cryptpnomad #blk@ #web3LinkedIn:link