---
title: "uwwu4f62e86a531d042a4b089dcf31d2c4ffd"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.01.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Most of you don't know it, but my birthday has come and gone. Much thanks to the folks who reached out. Granted, I didn't get to wake up in a warm foreign land like I wanted. However, I did get to enjoy great food with some of the best people I know. Definitely have to appreciate the small things in life.If you've followed my posts for any period of time, you know #theCarnival&#127904; is always going. For the past few days, I've been thinking about starting my second ebook in the #SgtTrekk series. One of the things I decided on my birthday was to start and finish the book in February.It has nothing to do with it being #BlackHistoryMonth. I'm actually not a fan of it but that for another post.Considering how long it took to write and edit SGT Trekk: Life After AIT, When The Real Shit Starts. I believe I can get out at least my draft of the book and go through one edit in 29 days. After all, I know the subject. I just have to put it down on paper as they say.This book will actually be about crypto. I remember when I did the first book alot of people were surprised it didn't have crypto stuff in it. And I kept having to say it wasn't the point of the first book and its a series.&nbsp; Well here comes the crypto stuff.In short, the book will cover the basic 101 stuff like #cryptowallets, #exchanges, and #NFTs. More importantly, there will be practical information and resources that are specific to service members no matter the branch.And so starts day one.link&nbsp;