---
title: "v7xm9ce205bea575645d5a20b17cbcc26c9b7"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

2.08.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I think I'm going to get &#128226; so the people in the back get the message. The road to crypto (#web3, #DeFi, #metaverse) #MassAdoption is not going to be paved with gold. It will look fancy in some parts and like &#128169; in others parts. It's going to be a roller coaster meets the &#128049;t and &#128045; game of governments vs the people.The picture you see is from a Reuters article talking about #NorthKorea and their illicit #cyber activity. There was a meeting that was held by the #UnitedNation council that handles sanction activity against #NorthKorea. And of course, I'm talking about this because it mentions the magic word #crypto.In the meeting there's a report stating that NK is using state-backed hackers to steal cryptocurrencies. Hmmm, Ok &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️. What country isn't using state-backed actors to take people cryptos?So, let me go back one step. This story got my attention because it was shared in one of my telegram chats. The original article punched up the narrative by saying that NK was stealing cryptos to fund it's missile program. But when you read the Reuters article you see there was more to the story. And I imagine if you read the transcript of the #UN meeting, there are things the Reuters writer left out (probably because it didn't fit the narrative.)Here's the Reuters link.linkNow back to why I scratch my head on this story. At one point its stated that it took NK about a year and a have to steal $50 million worth in crypto. Arguably, that a low number if you've been paying attention to the any of the "crypto hacks" over the last 6 month. If that's all they got from 3 exchanges over 15 to 18 months, then NK hackers game is weak. Let's put this in context, just last week the #wormholehack got $350 million worth of ETH in one shot.Then someone cites a report by Chainalysis stating that says in 2021 NK stole near $400 million in crypto assets. &#128587;&#127998;&zwj;♂️ What's the number real number and how did they off ramp (cash out)? Funny enough, neither article actually answers that question.Which brings me to what's not being said when big sounding numbers are used like this. I think the #FatJoe (American rapper) saying applies to this "yesterday's price isn't today's prices..." So, what price value date was being used and according to what market? The value at time of activity is not the same as when the meeting was held. So, what do the numbers really mean? And don't forget there is no explanation for the off ramping process. If they didn't cash out, does that mean there is a country/company excepting cryptos for components that can build missiles?&nbsp;IAH, I don't know how true these allegations are. Remember that UN meeting about #WMD and #yellowcake. Just saying.But here's some things I do know.&nbsp;1. Using cryptocurrencies is the MOST STUPID way to conduct illicit financial activities.2. This makes for a good #FearPorn story to keep people out of crypto and promot more regulations.3. Like people, governments are free to use the technology in ways that suite their needs.4. The road to crypto mass adoption will not be the picturesque utopia that is sold.&nbsp; &nbsp;#Trekkw2ks #StoryTime #ThinkersandDoers #CryptoNews #Compliance