---
title: "33kata5eedd3ead774c6db2324b4634094c01"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

3-10-2020It All Starter ThereIn looking at the title, I know you are wondering what started where?In January of 2020, I had the opportunity to speak at Blocktech Connect organized by @Unitralis. From that event, I had the chance to meet @Kait. She is the creator of the @George Brown's one year certified Blockchain course.&nbsp;Yes, that's the background of where it started but no what, lol. Read on.From the conversation with Keit, I developed the idea of talking to the new devs (how I labeled it at the time) coming into the blockchain/crypto space in this new decade. Initially, I wanted to make it a new segment for my podcast. But with more pondering and reading, I realized this could be its own thing. I think. I hope you caught it. That was the what.I'm calling this New DecWave. I condensed the more extended original title of New Decade New Wave (side note, I've mentioned this idea on SoMe. So I have timestamps). I took that from the Chinese's OneBelt project, which had a few longer names before, like One Road One Direction. I think they get the whole branding thing.To be honest, I'm not sure how this project will play out. This isn't about just focusing on millennials. Or about troving the academic world to see who's using new shades of color while staying in the lines. It's about going where the technology is being created, broken, and improved on in the real world.The New DecWave is about talking to this decade's lady's name_____ at 18 or Steve Jobs at 50. These folks will come from all walks of life and help influence the pace of mass adoption in the coming 4th Industrial Revolution.&nbsp;I want to be there to share their stories.Now you know what started where and why.