---
title: "x5jojbd6e10a5189949fa9ca69a2e1b652cf1"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

3.11.2022Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Another Friday is here and the &#127757; is still turning, but more importantly, the the people in it continue to deliver the good, the bad, the ugly, and #WTF moments.Case in point, my favorite search engine duck duck go went public on updating there search algorithms to "down-rank sites associated with Russian disinformation". It's a sad day (at least to me &#128542;) because as history shows us, once you cross the censorship line, you don't go back. There's always a reason to keep doing it. BTW this counts as a WTF since they marketed as protecting #privacy and not being like #google.Here's the post:&nbsp;linkAnd something else I learned before going to sleep last night was Jussie Smollet (American actor) is going to jail for 150 days for faking a #hatecrime. Then this morning #Dave Chappelle's #JuicySmollet skit is treading on #Twitter. Love or hate the content, the man is still a comedic genius, in my opinion.Chappelle skit:&nbsp;https://youtu.be/wZXoErL2124Oh and Twitter is a hell of a drug.As most of you know my know, I like technology. I'm not really a car person, but #driverlesscars are interesting while scary to me. This morning, I learned that US regulators set a new safety standard for fully automated cars. They don't need any human controls; that means no more steering wheels, break peddles or emergency stopping control. You're not going to see them on the road tomorrow, but this is part of how #massadoption happening, by changing the rules governing the industry. Reuters Article:&nbsp;https://www.reuters.com/business/autos-transportation/us-eliminates-human-controls-requirement-fully-automated-vehicles-2022-03-11/But on a good note, educating yourself about blockchain technology and the use case of cryptocurrency is "free" thanks to the internet. As Carlos said in a post "start wide, then filter down." If you're passed the 101 stuff and looking to change or advance careers checkout the #jobboard crypto jobs list. If you want some tips on how to make the cross over follow Stephen.Another than that have a P0verB day folks and may your weekend be lazy.#Trekkw2ks #Futurism #theLaw #actor #memehttps://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_wtf-privacy-google-activity-6908066377954136066-LnND