---
title: "c1u1r437ceeda21194cf9956acc0adad993a0"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

3rd Space RecapHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,If you want to get what's going on in crypto, Twitter is definitely worth a look. Yesterday, 3D and myself hosted our 3rd #twitterspace. The topic was the #metaverse tool box web site. The tool box is a list of #opensource tools for the #nocoder to coder level dev (yes, no-coder dev is a thing in web3).&nbsp; The list is based on access being free (or low cost), not needing to KYC, and no prior coding experience.The key takeaways from the convo:1- the no code wave will grow but there will be a line draw in how far nocoders will be able to create in web3 compared to full coders.2- the current list of tools are mainly EVM based because that's where most of the open source development has been so far. But the list will grow as people create tools for other chains. I should add if you help contribute to the list you will receive credit one the site.&nbsp;3- Opensource tools built for "centralized" blockchains and front ends will be a thing. Arguably, bridges are an early example of creating tools that work even when the front end for a UI is turned off.4-&nbsp; The US has unlimited resources to "influence" what it sees as being in it's jurisdiction. As such, the #T0rnad0Cash situation is more important than most folks in the space realize. The recent actions taken by #OFAC could be a factor in how&nbsp; future #metaverses will have privacy enabling technologies as a default feature in the ecosystem.Incase you'd like to take a listen, here's the link &#128073;&#127998;&nbsp;link. Next Sunday we'll be back at it. I'll share a link for it later.And don't forget August 30, 2022 at 6PM is the #DigitalRealty webinar. The registration details are @ bit.ly/Nocodeneeded.&nbsp;