---
title: "7perm0c025cba5b33436f84253de9cfbaa837"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

5.15.2023Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,It's Monday and most mother's are going back to the out side the house job. Hopefully, the weekend was a good mental reset.Happy belated #MothersDay...So about this picture. There is a funny back story to why I'm in a pic with Samson Williams (guy in a Hawaii shirt even though it was a rainy day.)Last week, I made a post about how I see #NYS stepping up their international #ShoulderTap game on the blockchain/crypto space after hearing&nbsp; the #biden dog whistle (executive order focused on blockchhain/crypto industry). Basically, legal #loansharking. Here's the link: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/trekkw2ks_weekendcrypto-attorneygeneral-cryptoregulationprotectiontransparancyoversightacts-activity-7061367317636542464-60yp?utm_source=share&amp;amp;utm_medium=member_androidSamson responds to the post saying he's starting a "walking club" and asks if I wanted to join on Friday.I say ok. But Friday doesn't happen. So we try again for Saturday. Here's Samson being Samson. Some how he's unaware that it's raining. So when I'm 5 mins out from the park, the walking club changes to a &#127790; club. Fine with me&#128523;. I didn't feel like walking in the rain &#127783; and who turns down free tacos, lol.The #HustleFundBady finally shows up at the taco place with another mutual friend I hadn't seen in awhile, who knew about the "tacos club" but not the walking club. Go figure.BTW, about that shirt, Samson thinks Florida fashion is applicable everywhere in all weather. Some might agree &#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Nonetheless, we grabbed a table and break bread while talking about #JimmyHoffa, #AI, the #SpaceEconomy, supporting ground base infrastructure, and the strong possible of a major lawsuit coming out of the #EU as web3 folks realize they need a #union to fight the unfair labor practices of #metaverses companies.As always the DMs are open for further questions if that last part leaves you scratching your head. The point to this ramble is even in a post #C19 world, in person convos still matter. And still count as an effective way to build rapport with people. Don't let the internet gods trick you into thinking different.Tamra Groff Jonathan Brathwaite Maureen L. Murat, Esq. Luke Lawal Jr. Marcus "Esports" Howard Fred Brandon, Author, SFC, ChFP, CFEI, MCP, ITIL, CSc. Amber Seira Jaime Arroyave, Jr. Najah Roberts Saba K PS: There was never a walking club. And Samson learned I have eyeballs. It was a day full of surprises and good food, lol.