---
title: "8rw5e8902041e97194136b6e78c1d4faf73ec"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

6.11.2023Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;So according to the internet last week's forest &#128293; in Canada were toxic to people. Which make me wonder is that why NYC had Mars sky? And is there anyone to hold accountable for the gray/white smoke that came down to the DMV? You could even smelll it. Oh and this came to me while writing this does that mean bond fires can be considered #WMDs? If anyone cares to answer I'dike to hear it.So enough of that randomness and on to the topic at hand #PathologicallyOptimistic, a phrase I'm barrowing from one of my favorite Canucks Amber Scott. I've been in the crypto space for a good while now and have grow more pessimistic of #massadoption and the original promises of financial freedom. Especially when looking at the reactions of various US agencies and depts responding to Biden's #DogWhistle (executive order).So, what does any of that have to do with my #jailbroken #PSVita that I've had since 1st deployment (2013)?Well, Amber reminded me that when governing bodies start over reaching, it forces the free thinkers, DIY folks, tinkerors and the like to produce new technologies and creative ways to help the everyday person have an option to maintenance their antimony, privacy and have access. So the #SEC actions my be what the space needs to make true #DeFi. Time will tell.I'm not a real gamer by any stretch. I don't even play the Vita that much. But what keeps me coming back is the community of tinkerors who build the tools and games that allow me o play anything from a retro arcade game with an emulator to original Zelda or the latest Final Fantasy.Alast, the take away is I still have some optimism left because I know there folks out there who have curios minds, believe in economic and digital sovereignty and have the skills to execute.#trekkw2ks #ThinnkersnDoers #righttorepair #usregulations #gaming 