---
title: "6ggllf84de868c1f04fe7b73e326eb7a104b4"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Brand EchoSection The Branding ChecklistChapters 1What is a brand?Beforewe can get into a brand's voice, echo, building a community or its language, wemust understand what a brand is?&nbsp;When I first heard the word brand, likemost people I thought it was simply a company&rsquo;s logo. Looking back on it now, Ican see how naive I was.That being said, a brand is not just alogo. A logo is an element of a brand. It took a considerable amount of timereading, watching/listening to interviews, examining my vertical (theblockchain/crypto space), and personal trial and error (in building mine) tosee how it all comes together in reality.My hours and days are now measured in monthsand years. It's a consistent process of building, maintenance, and upgrades.I'd argue a brand in this new digitalage is really more of a bidirectional engagement. Yes, I'll unpack the phrase.In traditional marketing a company madea product then promoted it to the public. In the early days companies were morefocused on marketing a product at people.Companies would make productsirrespective of the public wanting or needing it. The mad man's (ad agencies)goal was convincing the public to buy whatever product they promoted. Making ita company dominated one sided conversation.When you really think about print,radio, and TV, they only worked as a one way medium.But then came the internet and thewhole game changed from companies talking at people to then listening topeople. The good ones figured out how to make it an open dialogue. The mosteffective kind of communication for building a brand.Thanks to the likes of FaceBook, Twitter,SnapChat, and TikTok the dynamics of costumer acquisition have changed to thepoint that the Ad gods of the early 20th century could hardly imagine what atweet is, let alone the detriment of a well worded one on a company's stockvalue.In this new era, from the army of onesolopreneur to the Wall St S&amp;P100, having a person or agency manning thesocial media account (SoMe), is arguably a life or death must have to abusiness.Ironically, when times get tough, it'sone of the first department/services to be downsized in a company.&nbsp;Ok, so what is a brand? It&rsquo;s thenarrative understood internally and externally to your company based on all thecommunication points between what you and your end user think. Don&rsquo;t worry Iget into the weeds of it further in the book.&nbsp;The last part to cover is a high viewof the difference between a personal and a company brand. For a company, thebrand narrative is shared by the folks you pay to help sell that product orservice. But more importantly, the focus is the company, not one person in it.Then there&rsquo;s the personal brand which works a little different. For personal,you are the product. Really your intellectual capital and personality; not thingsbuilt in a factory. This means, people are paying you for what's in your head.In a personal brand, the goal is to share your story with the public. Bothbrands work off a curated narrative that is open to interpretation by the enduser.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Section IIHow to Build Your Brand (starting atzero)&nbsp;I want to be honest about this part about branding. Statistically,it&rsquo;s said that only 7% of people finish a training course they paid for. I knowI&rsquo;m a part of that group. I say that to say this, a number of you will readthis and make no actual progress in building your side hustle/gig or businessinto a company brand.There could be several reasons. But I will focus on two basedon experience and conversations with other entrepreneurs.The first is if you&rsquo;re just starting your business. There isa ton of growth and change you will go through in the first 24 months. I knowit took me more than a year to even figure out what I was really doing in thespace. The crazy part, before leaving my &ldquo;secure&rdquo; defense contracting job Iwrote out a whole plan. Not exactly a business plan, but I wrote out how Iwould study, how I would spend, and how I would save, how I would network tofind work, how I would cut cost, and the list goes on. It was multiple pages.&nbsp;Then I jumped two-feet, head-first. Life continued to happen,then the market started crashing. It was the crypto winter of 2018. My planturned into just a bunch of words on paper.The second reason, building a brand is not something youfigure out by just reading a few words in one book. You don't create a brandwhile sipping just one cup of coffee or tea if that's your thing. In my case ittook many pots of coffee and tea bags, lol.&nbsp;The consistency of believing in what you&rsquo;re doing and moreimportantly why you are doing it is where most people struggle.&nbsp;The why is at the basis of your business&rsquo;s foundation. Thatis what helps you make sense of everything when things aren&rsquo;t going well. It&rsquo;seasy to spout values and feel good motivations when things are going well.&nbsp;The real question is do you actually believe them when thingsare going bad?.Why? Because building a brand is a process. Really, it's morelike making clothes for your baby. In case you missed the metaphor, thebusiness is your baby and now you have to dress it up.As I mentioned earlier this ebook isn't going to make you thenext McDonald, Apple, or Amazon brand giant.&nbsp;My intention and goal are to help you get past zero increating the first iteration of your brand. The following is just the firststage of understanding your brand to grow a community that generates a brandecho.With all of that in mind, lets get into building.First you have to understand what I call the 3W&amp;H. Thethree Ws are Who, What, Why, and the H is How. So what it looks like is this:I HELP (WHO are you helping) To (WHAT are youdoing to help) BY (HOW are you helping others) THAT (WHY help andthe impact).That is a seemingly simple high view of how to come up with abrand positioning statement.Here is my brand position statement:I help thinkers &amp; doers TO build a community BYemphasizing human qualities THAT foster brand echo.I have a free branding questionnaire that covers. Click on ALog Is Not A Brand and you will receive a copy of all your answers aftercompleting the form.&nbsp;We need to go one step further for the internal monologueslash dialogue in figuring out who is the target audience for your product orservice. This goes toward building the brand messaging and falls into threecommunities. I&rsquo;ll cover this in a later section. Remember this for later, the communitiesare consumer, customer, and client.&nbsp;There are three approaches to building your brand. You canlisten to the people on YouTube and the internet, like I and countless othersdid to make a somewhat blind attempt at building a brand based on newbie data analytics.You can get out there and start pushing your product or service see whatconnects. Or just hire someone to come up with it for you.&nbsp;In order for you to create the messaging, you have to knowwhose attention you&rsquo;re attracting. Most folks just focus on the demographicbreakdown. Those are the objective identifiers for a potential user. Thisincludes but not limited to age, gender, race, and nationality. But in thegrowing age of technology, cross branding, and integrated businesses, thosetypes of metrics don&rsquo;t work like they did a decade ago. In today&rsquo;s market youmust add the psychographics on top of the demographic to have a more effectivebrand message.I wouldn&rsquo;t be surprised if some of you are wondering whatpsychographics are. The short answer, they are the adjectives used to describethe ideal user. Example Jane is adventurous, loves the outdoors, and is anoptimist.&nbsp;Here&rsquo;s a exercise I would do with people to help them figureout who they wanted as users of their product.&nbsp;In a pre-covid world I&rsquo;d use the people watching game to helphone in the clients&rsquo; target user by presenting them with the followingscenario. We are in a city and sitting by a huge window facing a busy street ofcars stopping and going, people crossing the streets, people walking with theirface glued to their smart phones, while others walk in silence.I&rsquo;d ask then to pick a person and describe them to me as auser of their product. You would be surprised how many people have a hard timeanswering that. Even though most entrepreneurs want everyone to use theirproduct. Whether you look at it from a marketing, sales, or brandingperspective that&rsquo;s just never they case. The point, you must know who you&rsquo;respecifically talking to.Last part about the messaging, lifestyle plays a part.Meaning what kind of life does your ideal user live. Are they a home body,family oriented, or a social butterfly? These distinctions play into thelanguage used to craft your narrative&nbsp;I know some of you just finished reading that last part andwondered what about B2B. Well the three Ws and H apply the same. But creatingthe brand messaging is a little different. Instead of using the demographicsand psychographics to a single person you apply them to a company. An examplewould be midsize business, based in Canada, making revenue of 200 million, hasa diverse work force, uses opensource technology in backend services, and is aleader in 3d printing, and takes part in social causes.&nbsp;Chapter 3Type of product or service.Thefollowing question may sound dumb or like a simple thing to understand but it'snot. I kid you not, especially if you&rsquo;re doing a service. Products will rarelyif ever not be a me-too business. But it doesn&rsquo;t matter what you offer theywill fall into one of the following types.&nbsp;BeforeI get into the nitty gritty of it. I want you to know there is no hierarchy forthe types.&nbsp;I'llstart with functional. Is your product or service something practical? Cryptowallets would be an example of this. It's something you need to holdcryptocurrencies. Exchanges are example of a practical service. In the world oftraders exchanges are a must.&nbsp;Blockchainrelated games have made some interesting progress in the space and fits thenext type, experiential. Yes, games are a product, but they provide mentalstimulation. Remember understanding your brand identity is about building aconnection point based on the end users&rsquo; needs and wants.&nbsp;Last but not is symbolic. Now having a type of product orservice that meets this label is a little tricky in the blockchain cryptospace. Why? Because in this use case it&rsquo;s about being a part of the crowd orgroup and having a status. At core that is about exclusion and not inclusion, whichis opposite of the community nature of the crypto space. Ironically, eventhough being elitist is seen as a negative thing within the space. There aresome areas where it is a accepted. One is gaming platforms for high scoringplayers. And the other are exchanges where traders with the better trading strategiesare listed and people copy trade.&nbsp;Chapeter 4Brand identity associationYou figured out the brand type, but what&rsquo;s the productassociation? What are you using to connect the potential users with to theP&amp;S? If you offer is common, instead of having that be the focal point, canyou put the ideal(s) of the company in front? Arguably, it can be done. In thisscenario, you acknowledge the item(s) but focus on the adjectives that describewhat the business is about. I&rsquo;ll break down the example when I go over casestudies.&nbsp;Plays into brand echoThe next question of association is will someone be the faceof the company? I&rsquo;ve seen a of number startups in the space follow the traditionaltech rout of silicon vally. It&rsquo;s usually someone internal to the company at thefounding member level. You&rsquo;ll see a CEO making appearances on podcasts, doingTV interviews, sitting on panels, pitching at fund raising road shows, etc.This is something you really must think about.There are several other considerations when using a person asthe face of the company. Here are some examples:1. Will this person be willing to do this for the next 3 to 5years?2. Is this what you want the brand identity based on in 5plus years?3.What if the chosen person isn&rsquo;t connecting with your userbase?4.What will it cost to rebrand if they leave in less than 5years?5. Do you have to worry about how this person carries themself. I can&rsquo;t forget about SoMe &ldquo;cancel Culture&rdquo;. Something can be sociallyacceptable to say/post today but change next month, let alone 4 years from now.&nbsp;Depending on the flipping or misinterpretation of the commentthe person made, are you willing to take the risk of keeping them? I can&rsquo;tanswer that for you. And I don&rsquo;t want you to think it&rsquo;s a locked in stonestrategy if using this option or the person. Just remember, the longer theystay the more it will cost to rebrand, particularly if they develop significantcommunity equity.&nbsp;In my opinion, brand scope is in the process of changingthanks to corona.&nbsp;Ok, whatever on my opinion, but what is a brand scope. I&rsquo;musing scope in relation to being a local, national, or global brand. As moreanalog (little or no digital presence) businesses move into the digital age theland scape becomes crowded and it takes more to differentiate your signal fromthe noise of other me-too companies. However, you still need to take a positionof who you&rsquo;re targeting as a user. Are they within your city, state, ortri-state area making you local compared to a company running in multiplecontinents? The is a noticeably big influence on the narrative and imagery used.When the scope is global, you must consider things like cultural dynamics andregional politics.Even though blockchain technology is just software at core,the use case of the P&amp;S you supply may have manufacturing, logistical, orjurisdictional issues. Which can limit the narrative used to build your brandidentity. States like New York in the US and China are perfect examples of how governmentcan greatly effect a company to function in turn curtailing the brand growth.My last point on scope, even if you start operation as localbusiness now. It doesn&rsquo;t mean you can&rsquo;t grow into a national or global brand intime. The technology and operational environment are constantly evolving.&nbsp;Chapter 5Features Attribute ValueI won&rsquo;t spend too long on this section, but I do need you toknow there is a difference in features, attributes, and values. DO NOT, Irepeat, DO NOT copy and paste the features and attributes and or value sectionof a competitor providing the same P&amp;S as you. This is a big no-noin branding and business in general. This is not what you want to be known for.Now lets get into what the differences are. Attributes arethe tangible and intangible qualities of a P&amp;S. The tangible things couldinclude material, color, or size of the software (if downloading). It&rsquo;s aboutwhat covers the physical. The intangible examples could include the quality,the time of access, or price. These are nonphysical things like the tangibleattributes that could influence the user decision to choose your P&amp;S overanother.&nbsp;Features are the key functions of a PoS. An example of thiswould be a crypto wallet that worked on both iOS and Droid smartphones. Anotherexample could be having a wallet that can add people from your contact list.For some users, a feature is a make-or-break deal in trying or staying with abrand. However, it can go the other way sometimes. For example, I was a loyalSamsung user for many years. But as prices increased for newer models, I heldon to my older phones longer. I wouldn&rsquo;t upgrade unless there was physicaldamage. Then I discovered unlocked phones using the Android operating system withoutthe Samsung price. I was gone in less than 24 hours. The smartphone doesn&rsquo;t haveall the features of a new Samsung, but it has all the core functions I need.And had a few features that made the crossover well worth it.&nbsp;Chapter 6Maslow's hierarchy ofneeds pyramid.In thispyramid when looking at your brand Identity or your brand messaging or voiceyou are asking the question of what need does your product or service meetbased on the pyramid it could be a basic need it could be a psychological needit could be a external needs such as being a part of a group or basic needs tolife or it could be psychological or it could be something that gets you toyour full potential stop&nbsp;Makesure to break down what the actual hierarchy of needs are and give examplesthat convey how they can be met using brand aisle product service.&nbsp;Brand architecture requires a marketing budgetPush out a product like starting with a MVP and then expandonly based on market demandChapter 7A HouseHouse of brand &amp; Branded houseanyhowof Rand there are multiple products and services in a house of brand. eachproduct and service has its own brand identity and brand voice that conforms 2the parent company..&nbsp;It isrecommended that if you are just starting out as a new company with multipleproducts and services, you should introduce your main products by itself andthen gradually introduce the other products and services to become a house ofbrands.&nbsp;Abranded house is when you have multiple products and services again but theyall have the same brand identity as the parent company the uniformity of thebrand voice is more succinct and concise for each individual product which isdifferent than a house of brands where there is individuality but there aresimilarities between the brand identity and the brand voices.&nbsp;Chapter 8Brand Naming Whentrying to figure out a company name you can use acronyms that stand forsomething longer or you can use a generic or non-related name that does notactually relate to the industry you are working in. A good example of thiswould be McDonald's another example of this would be Exodus which is a walletin the crypto space well. another example of this would be coinbase which is anexchange.&nbsp;Whenchoosing a name you can have something that actually relates to what yourproduct or service is or it can be totally disconnected but you didn't have toput more of an effort in to make the association between your brand name andthe brand identity and the product or service and that's when you're buildingyour narrative around if you're building your native around the product orservice and your brand and your name does not actually convey what the industryof what the product or service is it is more of an effort to do the brand building.&nbsp;Also itshould be noted that when you were trying to find a name for your company ifyou do not have something already you should definitely do a internet searchand understand that when using googly DuckDuckGo or any Western search engineyou're primarily dealing in English as the what your results would be.&nbsp;thismeans that in one regards you can be held to own limited to be to use a namethat is based in English. Or you can find or come up with a name that is inanother language case and point Nike is Greek I cannot think of a blockchaincrypto example as far as a company off head but I will have to follow up withthat and what is the other thing if you are going for a generic name you can dothe same thing they're too is just x amount of more effort has to be put intobuilding out the brand identity and doing it in a way that it is sticky to thecommunities mental picture or mental understanding of the company.&nbsp;Brandidentity depending on what your product or service is and what sector you're inthe naming can be easy as far as like if you are going in as a startup you comeup with whatever it is and then you just push that identity as far as the nameuntil it starts ticking but what is a sticking sticking your foot. But at thesame time it could work against you wear if you use a name that is specific toan industry it might be harder for you to Brand it in an industry that is notactually related to.&nbsp;I doquestion however what that will mean in this coming decade for companies withinthe blockchain crypto space when it comes to picking company names how manywill go with either a model named try name as far as I get being three words ortwo words as well.&nbsp;so theother thought is what will the nomenclature what will the culture be like inthis coming decade for company's case and point apple is a tech company but yetwe know that apple is not actually a tech thing apple is an apple is a fruitI'm not sure what that means for companies in the blockchain crypto space asidefrom saying there is definitely more leeway in order to pick a name for yourcompany where it doesn't have to be something that is directly related.&nbsp;I thinkthat also means for companies that are dealing in the financial space ofblockchain crypto oh, I think that going forward they will have more leeway inhow they name their companies Ansari in what they name their companies.&nbsp;Chapter 8Brand Image.Use things like Fiverr or Rebrandly do it yourself or paysomeone else to do it.So brandimaging this will be in regards to what resources what tools were used tocreate your brand identity as far as the visual side of it is concerned sowe're talkin about the website the app what type of images will you use whatstyle of images will you use where will you get them from will you have someonebuild your app for you or build your website or will you have someone actuallytake pictures or draw out your pictures.&nbsp;So asfar as the website's building part goes there's word Fiverr and there's Wixthere's like a number of slew of different call applications now and this Iwant to throw in as far as do the resources the practicality of you do notquote have to do when you are first starting out get the top notch the ideabehind this brand identity thing is you're not going to go in at it being a oneacross the board on everything but what will happen or what will I do dearlyhappen is you can have a starting point and as you go over time you willimprove and you will find soon you will be able to be more concise and polishedovertime.&nbsp;and inregards to what the resources are again you can start out doing these things onyour own you can do a wix which is really just template website building or youcan use things like webflow which is also where you don't need the code to beable to do the layout it's really a dragon drop interface.Bubbl.iois another example of being able to build apps or even build a website withoutcoding is bubble which is definitely making its ride to spin around at the timeof writing this book bubble has been around for I want to say 7 years.&nbsp;Theresources that will be available in the coming decade for startups and smallbusinesses that are new to the digital space are going to be abundant.The onlything that is going to really hinder people. is actually taking the time tolearn what those resources are to learn those new programs. Most of thesethings are going to be apps on your phone. Currently, there are free and paidapps like Reface and Canvas. At the time of writing the iPhone 12 is the newestApple phone. Being known for it&rsquo;s camera, people now renting iPhones to shootcommercials aka mini movies.&nbsp;Thepoint being the cost to the resources as far as the technical where there be adevice like an iPhone or an Android based phone for the camera for being ableto edit on the software side or being able to do things like schedule postingsfor keto centralized mainstream SoMe AKA social media platforms it will be moreaccessible in this coming decade.Theissue is going to be for most of you new startups use small businesses that arelooking to expand your digital footprint or at least begin a digital footprintand build out your brand identity and amplify your brand voice is actuallyputting in the work to understand these tools things are being more simple butpeople are still I would argue lazy and actually putting in the work tounderstand what the tools are and the issue when you.&nbsp;When you&rsquo;rea start-up and what to be a recognized, the main issue is do you have the moneyor do you have the time? If you have the money you will more than likely justpay someone else to create a brand identity. A full package would be a styleguide. That&rsquo;s logo website, color palette, lockups (sidenote, if you paid over10K for a style guide and don&rsquo;t know what lockups. You may have been over charged)looks like with the logo looks likeBut ifyou don't have the money then you're going to have to put the time in tounderstand how to use things like things like InShot and Taylor Brand work. Inaddition to how to play the game with LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and YouTubealgorithm. Which is only getting harder because of the updates they do everyfew months.Thetakeaway, no matter what way you cut it, 10 will be the number you can&rsquo;t getaround. Either its putting in the 10,000 hours or you spend ten of thousands.&nbsp;Chapter 9Brand design and environmentHaving physical spaces will be going out the window in thecoming decade.Covid is killing the We Work model of coworking spaceRemote work movement is growing as companies learn aboutcheaper technologies to meet their needs.20/20host covid-19 II would have argued that brand design or the brand environmentidentity as far as what does your brand logo look like in your lobby what doesyour office space look like as far as colors and layouts.&nbsp;I wouldhave said that is that doesn't matter in this coming decade but I think therewill be a place for your brand design in relation to office space so yes havean idea of what you would like it to look like. but don't get lost in trying tofigure out what your office space would look like and how your logo and how thecolors and the furniture it is going to be a couple of years before that reallyis going to be a major concern especially if you are starting at 0 or f you hadto downsize what your office space was let's say you know 2018 from 2018-2019 alot of real estate is going down the drain right now as far as office space.&nbsp;A numberof the mid large and enterprise-level companies are downsizing their physicalbrick-and-mortar footprint and so now it is more about the clicking orderfootprint what does your website look like what is your your ux how does youruser experience acting translate what your brand identity is.&nbsp;soul Isay this as yes think about what your brand environment would look like but itis not something you would have to worry about probably for another three tofive years because that's honestly if you're if you're not doing your ownmanufacturing of a product were you actually need a warehouse facility ofmanufacturing plant then that isn't even something to worry about.If youroutsourcing the manufacturing of a product all you're doing is worrying aboutwhat your website looks like what is your u.s. what is your UI how is your designthinking logic put together for you website right so I'll leave it there onthat one.&nbsp;Chapter 10Company taglinesSotaglines aren't really used like that within the blockchain crypto space whenyou look at the company's this is different then the mission statement. andthis is different than like what a company is known for. Or what they say tothemselves internally within the company.&nbsp;But ifyou do do a tagline it can either be descriptive it can be something that saysbe competitive it can be direct or it can be thought-provoking.&nbsp;fineexamples that meet competitive descriptive thought-provoking and direct.&nbsp;Forexample, as far as thought-provoking the tagline I'm currently using forchecksmart Consulting is every bread has a voice who is echoing yours. That isan example of being a thought-provoking I honestly don't know I can't think ofoffhand any of the companies in the blockchain space and actually use a taglineright now definitely have to look into that.&nbsp;Not used so much these daysFraming tag lines asComparativeDescriptiveDirectThought provoking&nbsp;Chapter 11Internal brand languageinternallanguage is how are you referring to your users and community members how aboutlike stop.How areyou referring to the users of your product or service. they're also maybereference or leg was used for community members within your industry right.this isbecause not everyone in your user base or or sign. not everyone in yourcommunity will be a user of your product. and not everyone who uses yourproduct or service will be a paying user. if there is no internal language andhow you describe your users it is not a make-or-break it thing but it doesaffect the inner workings and thought process in psychology of the team membersin your company if you have team members if you have if it is not just youworking and building the product and service by yourself.&nbsp;Also newthought depending on what the product or service is f u r outsourcing x amountof your work and it is only you you do not have to actually have some kind ofname or label for your users.But ifthere is something that is organically generated in the community as how theyrefer to themselves would not be a bad idea to adopted assuming it is somethingthat is friendly and nature and not having a negative blowback or negativeconnotation to it that is something that it depends on what the actual termmaybe and how to community describes itself or it describes the users in thecommunity something to think about.&nbsp;Chapter 12HashtagsSo hashtags are the digital markers that as far as the algosare concerned will be your digital breadcrumbs your digital identifiers thatcontextually identify your brand identity and can be used as a part of yourbrand messaging and brand voice.&nbsp;hashtags can work two ways. one is to create your own andthen looks up to introduce them into the community through your SoMe. thismeans you would use it within your Facebook group or you would use it withinTwitter or you would use it within LinkedIn. Or if you are writing blogs onmedium that would be another example of where you could use it. Also there is apossibility of being able to do introductions of that lexicon those terms thatphrasing in actual interviews.&nbsp;The other way that hashtags could be introduced shoes me intoyour community or not necessarily introduced but actually come organically fromyour community is by taking note in how your community members your users inparticular are actually addressing the company the product and the service aswell as how they're addressing other users of your product or service or justother community members.&nbsp;this way when you do start to actually repeat what is beingsaid about the company by its users why is community members it does not comeoff as fake and it does not come off as a PR or inauthentic or insincere it gotit is actually organic from the community so it has a air of offense offenseissa tea to it and an air of sick since Saturday to it.&nbsp;hashtags in this coming decade you will have to make or fineor hope that your community generates unique identifiers just saying somethinglike crypto business is not enough just saying something like no.&nbsp;another thing to note about hashtags. You have to beconsistent with the hashtags if you were using a hashtag for an event that isrelated to your company or the product or service you have to have lead up toit you have to use it during the event remind people to use it during the vetand then you have to use it after the event. If you have something as a hashtagthat is just a general related to your company but also a unique identifier,case and point I have t r e k k w the number to ks and so that is trick withtwo k's that is a unique identifier for me. another example of something ishola hola G &amp; g's that's another that I use that is another uniqueidentifier to me another set of unique identifiers to me specifically would bemy blogs which are the Monday pushed a Tuesday brand the Wednesday rantThursday Blackness and Friday Focus those are unique identifiers to me they donot they may go to order to other things but when you actually do put them inwith a hashtag at the front of it I will be in the first top 20 search resultsand it will give you pretty much all of the content that is connected SUNYweatherby the blogs weatherby the articles on medium or the YouTube channelstuff or interviews.&nbsp;The point is is that hashtags help to make your content moresearchable within the digital noise that is currently the internet when itcomes to using search terms and search instruments such as being of such asgoogly such as DuckDuckGo or ocean or whatever search engine you're using thiswill only be 50 to 100% amplified in the coming decade.&nbsp;You have to find ways to make it easier for your community membersnon users and users are potential users to be able to find you or somethingconnected to you and that's where hashtags come in.&nbsp;Chapter 13Brand Content strategyGoogle University and Youtube College only help but so muchRemember everyone has access to the same paly books.Is trial and error process. It takes more than a day to builda brandConsistency is the basic must have in building a brand whenusing a content strategyWhat are you putting out besides information about theproduct or service?In content strategythe basic idea here is you were going to come up with a timeline of when youwill put content out. As well as what type of content you will put out. andwhere you will put it out.&nbsp;So, this means therewill be a little bit of being a copy and paste marketer. and being a part ofthe me-too marketing.&nbsp;remember everyonepretty much has the same playbook. YouTube University and Google college isopen to everyone. this means that if you are starting at zero you have theknowledge base on how to build a a marketing funnel on How to build a betterSEO optimization on how to do streaming as far as putting out the content youhave access to the reviews of the different platform you can use to schedulewhen you produce your content.&nbsp;In the contentstrategy game the the biggest killer is are you going to be consistent andpushing out the content if you do it only once a week you have to be consistenton it you got to do it for 52 weeks in a year and actually you're probablygoing to have to do it for more years than that in order to be known for thatthing.&nbsp;The consistency isthe thing that gets a lot of people when it comes to building the brand. Youcannot build a bread at actually have it be noted and be recognized as asustainable bread overnight when it comes to Brand building this is somethingthat is measured in months and years it is not measured in hours or days or evenweeks for that matter we talking months and years that's what it takes to builda brand.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SectionChapter 14The Voice That Pays.&nbsp;therewere three types of users that will build a community-based around your brandidentity brand voiced brand image. there is no particular order of hierarchy inthe three there are distinctions between them.&nbsp;In thecommunity. you can have the consumer type user. The consumer user has noloyalty to the brand identity the brand morals the brand values or the brandethos. you paragraph the consumer type user looks at price points is notworried about innovation and is not largely concerned with any type of brandnarrative. The consumer user is generally driven by consistency of product at areasonable price they're not worried about the long last ability or durabilityof a product or service but they just want to know that it is available forwhen they actually need it it is not necessarily something that is in therewon't list.&nbsp;So whenbuilding a brand Identity or curating a brand voice and your product or serviceis more geared towards general users there are certain types of language thatis exclusionary and they're certain visuals that you would look to stay awayfrom because it is not is not inclusive of the general type of user of aproduct or service as well as he could be in your community again for thisparticular group there is no loyalty to the brand Identity or the brand narrative.&nbsp;then youhave the customer the customer does have more flavor ability to Brand identityto Brand narrative to Brand voice to the Grand aesthetics as part of thedriving factor to purchase a product or service.&nbsp;Withthat said it does matter are you talkin about price as far as saying thingslike sheep are you not actually having a good user experience and relation towhat your price point is is that conveyed within your message about having agood price and price point and a good product or service and user experience aswell as bringing some form of steady upgrades and giving consumers options theclients how or more in favor to that kind of brand messaging as opposed to justsaying it's a flat rate and that's just it they're not consumers they wantoptions granted they do not want a slew of options but they least want theoptions that play the best to their needs and wants that is the distinctionbetween the consumer type person and example of the consumer type person for aproduct or service will probably be in the space the folks who are into tradednot all traitors jump into dealing with binance financed targets the more experiencedraiders as opposed to.&nbsp;there isa distinction between the consumer and the customer type of language or visualcues the messaging in the consumer it is not a general but it is inclusive soyour visuals as far as what type of imagery do you use if you use persons haveto be a little bit more open but play the line of being inclusive.&nbsp;thenthere is the clientele or the client. this user is looking at things based onwarts and not actual need and they also have a preference for narrative forexclusionary language if you talk about being in like a membership if you talkabout special pricing there's also the other part in regards to pricing wherethere are no discounts and that works is a barrier to exclude people and makethem feel as though they're in an exclusive group by being a part of the groupthat can afford that price range they are okay with a premium.&nbsp;thismeans that when you were talking to this type of user and this is not me thisdoes not mean they are actually a paying user but they are a user of yourproduct or service you talk to them more based on how this makes them feel andhow it touches. across-the-board you're trying to appeal to some level of aperson's humanity the qualitative side. remember what I mentioned about Maslow'shierarchy of needs at core it's about pleasure pleasure pain want or need theseare the touch points that you're trying to reach when targeting theseparticular type of users based on that user.&nbsp;peoplecan be in multiple communities four different products and services. this meansthat users May being users community members may be users of one product for acertain reason and stick with that product or service continually but they mayalso touch another product or service that is within the the consumer group asa temporary thing until they can get to the other thing that they reallyactually wants. I got to reword that.&nbsp;&nbsp;- whatis it-example-casestudy5. The Customer-what isit-example-casestudy&nbsp;6. The Clientele- whatis it- example- causestudy&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Section 3 Brand EchoThe Echo You HearTelegram convo and lululemonconvo are examplesIimagine most of you are reading the chapter title and thinking I'm going totell you about copying the messaging and style of another company. To behonest, yes there is some copying, but it's not what you think.&nbsp;When youtalk with most branding or marketing folks, they'll either use the word"imagine" or "voice" following the word brand. I did thesame in the first version of chapter one. But as I reflect on how things haveplayed out in the space from 2012 (when I got into the space) to now. And Ican't ignore the impact of covid in branding in general. I realize that wordingdoesn't convey what I believe is happening.&nbsp;&nbsp;In mymind, when I hear "brand voice" I think about an opera singer. Theypractice to project their voice over a large distance while still remainingaudible to the audience, especially the people in the back. This is themarketing person/department working to get the message and visuals just rightacross all the relevant touch points.&nbsp;But likethe opera singer this is a one sided engagement. Yes, the company has a voiceand is using it effectively from a marketing point of view. But really, it'sthe company commuting in a monologue form.&nbsp;Now,that I've explained the one sided nature of a brand voice. I'll get into what Isee as the difference in a brand echo.&nbsp; Remember, I said building a brand was bi-directionial communication.&nbsp;This means that your brand is sending a message to the public. Those who gravitate to your message then send you back what they understand from your message.That's the echo, sounding like what you said but not exactly what you said.&nbsp;The ideal echo comes from those who not only connect with your message but arewilling to support by paying for your product or service. My unofficial mentorSamson Williams once said to me:&nbsp;"Everydollar has a story. Dollars good at telling their story get other dollars tolisten to their story..."&nbsp;At thetime, I thought this made perfect sense. It was simple and true. Whether acompany or a personal brand, most folks just focus on gaining an audience tolisten to what they are saying. This is not a bad thing, but it does have itsplace.&nbsp;&nbsp;In thenext chapter I cover the 3 types of communities that can be built based on thetype of echo you hear.&nbsp;Build a Community By The EchoOne of the things I've grown tolike about the crypto community is the variety of people. Back in a pre-covidworld, when meeting in groups was a thing. I met people older and younger thanme. I met highly educated folks and high school dropouts. I had greatconversations with men, women, and non-binary alike. Now comes a world postcovid and I've multiplied my network reach by spending more time on Zoom,Discord, LinkedIn and the like. This global growth in the potential audiencebase (aka clientele pool) sounds great, right? Traditional business developmentfolks would see this as an increased market share opportunity. The first timefounder of startup thinks they will have everyone using their product orservice.&nbsp;This isone of the issues I see in the business side of the community. People jump insaying I want to start a business doing X, Y and Z; everyone around the worldwill use it. They haven't learned about market fit or cultural dynamics. Marketfit isn't what I'm looking to cover in this book. With out getting into theweeds, I will say it's more of a trial and error crossed with luck and marketlocation. What does mean? If you read all the big name entrepreneur books outthere, the common theme is really two things. One, no one knew when they wouldget that big brake.&nbsp; The vast majority made it by chance. And two, whatget them started is rarely the first thing they came up with.&nbsp;But sodid the competition and the need to understand cultural dynamics.&nbsp;&nbsp;From amarketing stand point it can be a challenge to create demographic profile,espeacially for a new business. From a branding stand point, &nbsp;&nbsp;- whatsyour hashtag and who made it?&nbsp;- beinga metoo business&nbsp;-signalab&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;7. Sowhat's your brand Echo&nbsp;- what'syour product/service&nbsp;- what'syour revenue model&nbsp;- what'sa value chain and why does it matter?&nbsp;