---
title: "8eny9c77d9889df874552b25613011ac5b4b8"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

David SpenseGreeting David,I'll start by saying thank you for taking the time to share with me the story and vision you have for Begreenie.&nbsp;Your story about going to China is why I believe Thinkers and Doers like yourself make the world go round by taking the action to bring innovation.Questions:1. What is my expertise in creating messaging?&nbsp;-I've been in the space for since 2012, starting as a HODLer. To be honest, I do not have formal training or experience in marketing/branding. But based on years in the space, being a part of different online and real life groups, traveling to different cities, states, and countries to speak, and starting this company. My hand on understanding and experience more than makes up for having a degree.  I pivoted the company in 2019 from education to branding. I've worked with Dnar, a digital wallet company operating in Ghana. I mentored for Crypto Chicks which is a Toronto based none-profit that focuses on helping young girls around the world learn about blockchain technology. I've organized the first and only blockchain events for Baltimore Innovation Week 2019. It was one of the top attended events.I'm not saying I know it all but my experience, network, and qualitative observation tells me that any startup or small business getting involved with blockchain technology can not use the same play book going into the next decade when it comes to the branding strategies.As it relates to tokenomics and creating or finding utility, I'm no economist or coder but I understand enough of each to explain how the two relate.2. What have you heard in the conversation that act as drivers to attract people?- Your passion and knowledge about decentralizing energy and mobile storage of power is very evident.- Your motivation for building this product altruistic. Yes, we should all do something to help protect the earth.- The market for mobile battery power is arguably a no brainier for where the future is going. That will be a large part of the green energy movement.- I think the value proposition has legs to stand on and can attract investors given the right pitch.&nbsp;- From a retail perspective, cost effective solar sounds great for those who own homes in first and second tier countries. I do think the value proposition would be more impactful in developing countries. This technology would drastically change the quality of life for people and positively lower the cost of living as it relates to power consumption.-EOS as a first layer blockchain makes sense for the scaling and transaction speed. It has name recognition in the crypto space. And it's seen as a relevant competitor to Ethereum.- Already having a manufactoring plant is a big plus.&nbsp;3. What turned you off?- You can not readily identify 3 competitors at your level. You went straight for the big name companies. Granted you spent years working on this in China, but considering the market potential and access to manufacturing plants. There has to be at least 1. This may be a sign of tunnel vision.-Most of your reasoning about market, market adoption, and product fit seem based on precovid economic patterns. It wasn't clear to me if your taking into account the cultural dynamics in local markets and what that means for messaging. Or how a 2nd global shutdown will effect your target market as well as your logistics. People may want your product but can they afford it?- You do not have working products on in ground in operation. So there is no data from real world implamentation covers ware and tear of machines, what is the lost rate for stolen or damaged items, covid induced economic shutdown, end user feedback, competitor disruption/blockage is still unknown.- You mentioned having back up plans to deal with logistic issues. But did not provide any examples.- Was there a application of blockchain to the products like authentication or tacking using to get somekind of reward to enduser? That was not clear to me. I understand there is montary incentive but it sounded more connceted to staffing, development, some kind of referrel program.-Based on your Social Media (SoMe), I could not readily identify your company or message or brand.-Based on your SoMe, I could not readily identify your user base or community. I could see that you attended a number of events and talk with business people.- The use of blockchain sounds convoluted and the tokenomics do not sounds anchored to a exact plan to compensate people doing the work.-&nbsp; Minting tokens (seeds), based on revenue generated from sales sounds questionable as a practical form of consensus. Does that mean you will have your accounting books open to the public in real time for validation of funds/sales?- Is the sales info going on the blockchain? And what about PII of the people making those purchases?&nbsp;-Having a mission statement tied to financial incentive is a temporary marketing based fix. In my opinion it's more of a growth hack. For a long run brand strategy, it sets up for failure because it exposes you to competition who create a better incentive model.- I interpret this mission statement as building a community based on monetary gain being a higher priority than conversation values for helping to protect/save the earth. This does not mean there can not be a financial incentive. But it would be less distracting to the vision of Begreenie.- I think there is a conflict in using the word decentralized but then use a centralized virson of EOS when it comes to the messaging as it is now. The company you're using isn't known outside of China. And is less than two years old.4. What would I do the streamline message to get people to take action.These are just a few ideas in no particular order and with out actually knowing the detail of your business plan.- I would change the wording of the mission statement, leaving out the financial aspect because it doesn't sound insync with what you presented as values of the company.- Unless there is a a contractual agreement on mentioning the company that built your blockchain. I would focus on it being a EOS base. And make sure to make the distingtion of it being a private blockchain when talking to people who know they difference. It comes off as a bait and switch when you just say it's blockchain or EOS. Things like that can turn users off expsically when they have commented time and energy into the product.- start to create a interactive map that is available on the website. So everyone can see as new power banks or other product . Not to the PII level but give something like a city or town.&nbsp;- reach out to more people at local level to understand the cultural dynamics. So this not just talking to vendors or big name business folks.&nbsp;- I still question the mintiong model, but I can't say it will not work. However, if you do start running into issues it will be a high wire balancing act to explain to your community why you have to change it.- I would add a knowdlege library to the website about the products and services.&nbsp;- Since the goal is to serve the globe, the visuals need to show real people in real place. This could be something that works in conjuction with the map.&nbsp;- I would promot a mesage about the pyschographics of users. It would be around who can meet their needs and help protect the earth by using greener energy. And Begreenie has a product that helps people do that no matter what their econonic situation. This doesn't mean have a million products. It means that you can have 3 products. Each having a unqui set of features that can be used in a ways to provide a multitude of benifits based on that users needs.- Once the user base reached a certain level, I would start a innovation competition for the DIY folks. Letting the community tinker will yeild some interesting ideas and generate some interesting conversations, IMO.- Going forward in explaining the tokenomics,&nbsp; I would us a infograph or white board animation. It would only focus on the main function of the seeds. I would also develop a more transparent road map the highlights the implimentation of the stages. I don't think all functions need to be turned on at once.