---
title: "8rw5e31252c45b8dd4642a47df706cb472a8b"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

EP 20 6 Month RecapWelcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 20: MTOS 6 Month Recap?&nbsp;Greetings all!!! So in this recorded Spaces,&nbsp; we were able to pack a lot into the convo into one single episode, amazingly. The topic came up from us asking "what have we learning since starting MTOS?" AndIt was more than we originally thought. From what we see changing in metaverses meaning to how people are using them. Which is not as transactional as the marketers would like you to think.And don't worry it's not just a dialogue between me and 3D. Friend to the Spaces ACUBTC also joins in, along with others. As we keep telling folks, WereNotGrifters in this. Six months may sound like a long time when comparing it how other tech sectors move. However, in the crypto space it can be considered a lifetime for a community/project. It will be interesting to see where things are within a year. What new lessons will we learn and what will be the same? Time will tell. Hopefully, we said something that gets you thinking. &nbsp;Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralized data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SiteBuildR DAOBuildR DAOhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWXDMHf3XUqfFXNRyEkXdhNj4JdbXRcJkxGQyYnNnKy5AMetaverse Tool Boxlink&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, FINtech, and more.OGL WoC WizardsoftheCoast DungeonsandDragons Metaverse Trekkw2ks #3D HashBro IntellectualProperty