---
title: "qqptj5036b911e1bb410091e3b597e64a44df"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

HH 10.14.21Milky Way Economy Happy Hour 10.14.21Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,So the 2nd #MWEH has come and gone. As promised @samson covered the drinks. At various points of the evening, we brandished our made up expertise (all based on trail and error btw) of the big 3 #Crowdfunding, #SpaceEconomy, and #BlockchainTechnology.Here are some takeaways:&nbsp;1. GoingPublic is going live this month. It's going to fck up the #CrowdFunding game and eat #SharkTank for lunch (I'm paraphrasing @Samson).2. @george talking about space business on Zoom is nothing compared to how he explains the Space Economy in person. You might want to look into link.3. #Shitcoins aside, I was happy to talk about IoT and how cities are slowly putting up more radio antennas (all contracted installation work) to expand collect and transfer data. Thank you Jay for being the one other person I could talk to about @Helium.Additional lessons learned.We have to take the group picture before people leave and use the flash. George was not the only white guy, lol. Steve left when I went to the test room.Speaking of which, next event, we need to work on getting more than a table full of XY chromosomes. IMO, sharing of ideas, networking, and potential business opportunities work better with a diverse pool of folks.Last thing, when crowdfunding, your product is a perk of customers investing. Remember, it all about taxes.#Trekkw2ks #HustleFundBay #MilkyWayEconomyHappyHour