---
title: "744oq714e5f523930474cad4c07a4a1a3b5b6"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Legal Issues For Content Creators In 20231/3/23First off, this is totally my opinion, and I could be wrong on the timeline, off by a lil, or just missed the whole damn barn with this outlook.The track record for congress (and other agencies/depts) is usually to drop new regs after the MLK holiday. So, following that pattern, new regulations for the space will be made public soon.With the current US climate of people being anti-gov't/WallSt, pushing new regs and more centralized products will be an uphill battle. Using traditional finance (Kevin Olery, Mark Cuban, etc.) and celebrity personalities (Snoop Dog, Tom Brady, Jim Jones, that night show guy) for marketing will not work like before.With more laws and clarification on who has what jurisdiction in the space, expect more lawsuits because of the new legal footing to make a case.IMO, no-name content folks like myself who stay away from price talk shouldn't be on the radar. But folks like BitBoy, Pomp (he more than likely has a hall pass now), or Peter McCormack are notable figures in the space.As Pomp said in his clip, some folks weren't good biz people. As a content creator, you can practice Due Diligence all day, but that doesn't control how that company you accepted &#128176; runs its biz. Look at FTX and Sequoia. They were the "smartest people in the room." There's barely a mention of the politicians who took money from FTX. Still, I bet it will be the opposite for a big enough content personality.IMO the security argument may be the straw that breaks the camel's back.So, for example, 90% of the projects get labels security this year. But 4 days ago, they weren't, and you had sponsorship deals with 3 of the top 20. So you have a promo code (referral link) and everything.Remember, the SEC can charge you for past activities under new rules. They are not the only dept to do this. So can a content creator (not attached to a traditional news platform) promote a security if they are not a financial advisor? As someone in this part of the space, I can say that most content folks are only trendy wave jumpers and just chasing the popularity bag.And that is just the regular tokens. Didn't even get into the NFTs.It will not be a fair application to the industry. Still, I see creators' liability being tested over the next 24 months. The whole declaring "I'm not a lawyer, CPA, or FA" in vlogs, youtube, articles, and podcasts or "this is for educational/entertainment purposes" will come into question in someone's case.I'm not saying everyone is going to get caught up. But this will be a legal play that affects content creators' sentiment when getting any sponsorship deal. And this is where Wall St will come in, and the argument of getting sponsorship from properly regulated/compliant companies comes into play.Not to mention, there is the whole thing of changing the narrative around cryptos and the technology that needs to be sanctioned or Wall sT controlled. I see at least two significant personalities flipping to the other side before 2025. Again, the gov't n private sector has to control the narrative to get the public to use what they are pushing. You can't do that when you have major personalities not towing the line. Or when more wild cards are out in the field influencing the masses.This is part of how I and some other folks see the public narrative of crypto noticeably changing by 2025. 2030 will be a whole new old for the old heads.