---
title: "qqptja0584200edb74e09baa86ca7d595d39c"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

LinkedIn 10.18.2021Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,I've been in the crypto space for some time now. And to be honest, I didn't really pay attention to the tech side till around 2018.Mind you, when I first heard of bitcoin, I instantly thought of Star Wars and Federation credits. Ironically, I never consider how that would actually work on the back end.Over the last few months, I've been going through some of the #CyberPunk classics. And yes, I'm still on my #AudioBooksandBuild.So far, I've gotten through #SnowCrash by Neal Stephenson, #Neuromancer by William Gibson, and Ready Player One by Ernest Cline.I've heard how these books are credited with forecasting the future of the internet, the Metaverse, AI, digital identity, gaming and more. But until going through them myself, I didn't appreciate how close they came, considering they were written in 1992, 1984, and 2011 (respectfully).But what does this have to do with blockchain?Well, I'm no coder (well not yet, lol), but I think public blockchain protocols answer part of how things like VR, AR, governments, and business contracts will work IRW (not just in fiction books).At core blockchain is about having provenance of data that is immutable. Add #smartcontracts to the technical mix. Or as I recently explained for Professor&nbsp; Cramble's Tuskegee University virtual event, "think robots (algorithms) moving around boxes (packets of data). The idea is to reduce the dependency of humans to build trust in a automated system/process."&nbsp;If you still not seeing seeing the sci-fi to world world connection. Let me help you. Today a number of people globe use cryptocurrency (based on blockchain) money and speculative asset. In the world gaming, people use smart contracts to rent NFT characters to others so they can #PlayToEarn in blockchain Axies. Also, on some platforms the end users vote on the direction of&nbsp; development by suggesting and approving software update by possessing a governance token.And this are just the simple things people are doing today.The point is, I think this decade the application of blockchain technology in combination with other things will bring us one step closer to the cyberpunk world. That includes the good and bad use cases btw.On a side note. I think the movie Ready Player One did a great disservice to what was actually in the book. But I also think RPO is elementary school compared to technical things going on in Snow Crash and Nueromancer.BTW, if anyone knows more cannon titles, please add in the comments. It would be greatly appreciated ☺️.