---
title: "1ik9862dc37d9099d48ae9cc6a943af31d33c"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 21: Metaverses, Tools, Metaverse ToolboxWelcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 21: Metaverses, Tools, Metaverse ToolboxIn today's recording 3D is taking the rains and runs a solo show. Please show some love. Like, share, leave a comments, and tell a friend to tell a friend about the ep, lol. In the episode 3D gets into some of the weeks news like having smell in VR. And address the reality of how a number of the big name metaverses in the space turning into ghost towns. It turns out that just throwing money and people and using big name celebrities to draw the crowd isn't as sustainable as other influencers would like you to believe. &nbsp;Oh and he get into our MetaversalToolbox and some of the updates with Spacial, Horizon, and Hubs. If you don't know what they are check out the link below to the toolbox and explore the tools. Another thing to note, this list is a living list. Some things will be taken off because the tools are no longer open source or they are charging waaay more the it should be. And if you have any suggestion that could be added please reach about so we can vet to be added to the toolbox.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralized data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SiteBuildR DAOBuildR DAOlinkMetaverse Tool BoxMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, FINtech, and more.OGL WoC WizardsoftheCoast DungeonsandDragons Metaverse Trekkw2ks #3D HashBro IntellectualProperty