---
title: "donfdd76785ba42c64e17b72a30f12520f49d"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 9 Pt 1: The Futrure Work PlaceWelcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 9 Pt 1: Metaverses, The New Work Place?In this ep we were supposed to be talking metaverses being the new work place. But we got side tracked of the break by friend of the room Amiris. And on top of it we wayyyyy over 1 hour. So this ep will be broken into 3 parts.And so for those wondering why keep the title? Well, because we kinda touch on it at some point during our tangent. But if you up for a JoeRogan style episode (&#128513;&#128514;&#129315;) we actually talk about DAOs and our experiences with them. For those unaware me and 3D started the BuildRDAO cause we wanted to try out a idea about NFTs. But that a story in one of the older episodes. Nonetheless, we do hope you find something interesting, helpfull, or even funny in the Spaces.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:&nbsp;If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decenterlaize data storage platfomr you use to help keep the resources and information availeable to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO sitelinkMetaverse Tool boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.MetaverseHackathon Hackathon CaptureTheData Trekkw2ks #3D SmartContractshttps://app.restream.io/new-event-invitation/emVNMk0zWDiOBP9ZxUcKjnp1m_qNOkc/email​