---
title: "01k0e6226dc73d06c461eb277e278779155e3"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 5 Pt 2 Building Metaverses and Nocode Tools?Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 5 Pt 1: Building Metaverses and No-code Tools?In this ep the Spaces was actually over 1 and a half hours long. And since people aren't really fans of long form content, this part 2 of the convo hosted by 3D. In part 2 he gets into&nbsp;the no=code development tools and resources for building. Some of the other voices heard are from the audience members who joined us for the live spaces.&nbsp; They do run off into technical tangents but it's still worth a listen. BTW, we (3D and me) recently, spoke at the Crypto Mindset Reset virtual conference. I recorded my exploration of their Voxels plot and just walking around the neighborhood. The second clip is 3D's plot in Uplift. Feel free to explore share!!!Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsite:BuildRDAO sitelinkMetaverse Tool boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.Metaverse Web3 NoCode LowCode Trekkw2ks #3D SmartContractshttps://app.restream.io/new-event-invitation/emVNMk0zWG91S1VphULShwDxhNzhV-E/email