---
title: "i7ghcb6e2d2c9c84440218f4c58b6928198e7"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 14 Pt 2: Ghost in the ShellWelcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.#MTOS Ep 14 Pt 1: GITS Standalone Complex &#129411; DaySorry for the delay in getting this episode out, but here we are getting into a true anime/sci-fi classic #GhostInTheShell: Standalone Complex. We want to apologize in advance about the audio. Twitter was rugging us. Some parts were worse than other. So they had to get cut post-production. Luckily, you can still get what we're talking about (we hope &#128526;) minus a few words. Another thing to note, we're holding this convo on of one of Americans biggest holiday aka Thanksgiving. We hope folks appreciate how dedicated we are to geeking out over stuff like this, lol.Keep in mind this is a 2 part episode. Of course we get into the anime and go through rediscovering what got us into watching GIST. Its crazy how far ahead of its time this cartoon was. And looking at what's going on with VR and AI, it doesn't take too much imagination to see how the GIST reality can be part or all of how the future will play out. It's not a guarantee for sure but time will tell. Nonetheless, listen to what we geek out about and if you have a question or thought about what we said, please share it in the comments.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that #cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralize data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!#BuildRDAO SitelinkMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.#GITS #Cybernetics #VirtualReality #Trekkw2ks #3D #AI