---
title: "donfdbef859f8a0844fc384229c5baa97399f"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 18 Pt 1/2: Did Hack//Sign Make Sense As A Metaverse?Welcome to Metaverses: The Other Side In this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content.At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS EP 18 Pt1/2: Did Hack//Sign Make Sense As A Metaverse?Well folks once again, we are back at it! Geek 1 and geek 2, along with friends of the Space get into another cult classic. For those who didn't know, Hack Sign started out as a game and eventually was made into an anime in the early 2000. For those unfamiliar, it follow a casts of character in a MMO game. One character is "stuck" in the game but doesn't know it. In part because they can't remember much.&nbsp; Nonetheless, you get how this can lead to all types of questions to be worked out over multiple episodes.As you'll hear, we all remembered watching it when it first launched and some of us even played the game. But watching it near 20 years later brought up a whole slew of new questions and understandings. As 3D points out, it's always interesting to see how the older sci-fi stuff is closer to the present day reality than people think. And now that we have blockchain, Oculus, 24 hour internet connection it makes for more rabbit holes to fall into. For some of the tangents we did, lol.Nonetheless, we hope something said gets you to think, question, and explore.&nbsp;Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks, @__3D___, @BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralized data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAOhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWXDMHf3XUqfFXNRyEkXdhNj4JdbXRcJkxGQyYnNnKy5AMetaverseToolBoxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1LhTake Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.MultiplePlayerOnline VirtualReality VR AI Trekkw2ks #3D Blockchain DigitalID&nbsp;