---
title: "x542s5d9b04aa545344efad1c7ba3883037a2"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 7 Pt 2: How Effective Are Metaverses On Eth 2.0?Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.#MTOS Ep 7: How Effective Are Metaverses on ETH 2.0?In this ep, 3D and me get into the Pros and Cons of having interoperable metaverses. It's being sold as the greatest thing since sliced bread but I promise it's not as cut and dry as the hype people make it sound. TBC, we aren't saying it's all bad either. It really depends on what you're trying to do. As usual, we go off on tangents about biz ideas. Hope you'll are paying attention, lol.Here's #ChatGPT's summary of Pt 2 of the ep 7."The speakers, Trekkw2ks and 3D, delve into the topic of patents in the context of blockchain and metaverses. They mention a lawyer on a Zoom call stating that patent cases are not taken seriously and often get reversed, but Trekkw2ks disagrees and highlights their work with #ReggieMiddleton, who owns a patent, to ensure its legitimacy. They also discuss the potential impact of the patent on the space and how it could be enforced through the use of an Oracle system and smart contract technology. The possibility of someone attempting to pool resources to go against the patent is also discussed, but it would require a 51% attack. The conversation also touches on the idea of a new type of certificate application in smart contracts, where there is an actual address to a certificate, and how this could potentially revolutionize the way licensing deals for patents are done. In addition, the speakers&nbsp;to discussing the creator of virtual reality, #BrettLeonard, and his current work in the metaverse, specifically highlighting a game-changing technology in the form of 2D to 3D augmented reality without glasses, and the company Vex Corporation's founder Craig Peterson, who holds the patent for this technology."Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsite:BuildRDAO sitelinkMetaverse Tool box (add it to your IPFS to keep these tools open and accessible to all)https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.#Metaverse #SmartClothes #NoCode #RFID #Trekkw2ks #3D #SmartContracts