---
title: "donfdca23b67fe72e42709f1a49d117c4d30d"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 19:Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 19 Pt 1/2: Is WoC Open Game License A Danger To Metaverses?&nbsp;In these episode we get into OGL. What that you ask? Well, for those unfamiliar it was a very hot topic when we held the live Spaces on BuildRDAO. Basically, the legendary board game Dungeons and Dragons tried to do a update to it OpenGameLicense in a way that would drastically change the relationship of 3rd party game developers' ability to continue developing one of the oldest board games in modern times.For the hardcore fans it was a notable line being crossed by Wizards of the Coast who is the owner of D&amp;D. There were leaked emails and a whole thing about how they were trying to force influencers and developers into signing NDAs about the new ToS. The community bask lash went so viral, WoC parent company Hash Bro had to make even got involved. Thankfully, the new OGL was not passed.Most folks in the crypto space don't see how this connects to metaverses, but for us it's clear as day considering the open source nature of the technology used to build metaverses. The founders/creators of these spaces could one day follow the same path as D&amp;D. And so we ask the question is OGL a danger to metaverses? In all honestly, it's a yes and not kind of answer. Nonetheless, we dive head first into the rabbit hole.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralized data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SiteBuildR DAOhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWXDMHf3XUqfFXNRyEkXdhNj4JdbXRcJkxGQyYnNnKy5AMetaverse Tool Box Image format not supportedClick here to downloadMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, FINtech, and more.OGL WoC WizardsoftheCoast DungeonsandDragons Metaverse Trekkw2ks #3D HashBro IntellectualProperty&nbsp;