---
title: "y85adff4a49c4a9c141e4b12af1a8bef72672"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 24 Can Reversing A Null Address Effect the MetaverseWelcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 24:&nbsp;Can Reversing A Null Address Effect The Metaverse?Well folks here we are at episode 24. And we're really excited to have this on the TGOCNetwork replay. When this story happened, no one really paid any attention to it but technically it was/is a big deal. We see this as having a negative effect down the road on Polygon (Matic), other blockchains, which will eventually play out in blockchain connected metaverses AKA virtualreality.We'd like to give a big shout outs to @WealthGathers of&nbsp;link&rsquo;s &#128079;&#128079;&#128079;&#128079;. If it wasn't for him calling out the community for letting Polygon slide but dragging Solona when it goes down, this story event could've been lost to the Twitter time line &#128542;.In the hour plus convo we explain what technically happened and why other chains will be facing this issue at some point down the road. And of course as usual we make the connections to how it would effect a blockchain based metaverse. As usual we don't know the future, however we hope something we said makes you ask questions about what's going on in metaverses and how you interact with them.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralized data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SiteBuildR DAOhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWXDMHf3XUqfFXNRyEkXdhNj4JdbXRcJkxGQyYnNnKy5AMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, FINtech, and more.NullAdderess Matic Solona Metaverse Trekkw2ks #3D Hack&nbsp;