---
title: "e40drae64aa9503bb4ac08e1908c7d6f55b87"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS Ep 23MTOSWelcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content.At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 23: News In The MetaverseWell folks we're doing a little bet of a switch up for this episode. We decided to take a look at the news for the week and see what caught our attention.&nbsp;If you've ever caught our live Spaces or looked at one of the replays on Youtube, then you know how we feel about price talk when in the space generally. And for the new folks we're extra about it when it comes to the metaverse stuff. TBC, we're not against coins, tokens, NFTs, or land sales. In fact we even created a webinar explaining how to monetize non-blockchain and blockchain metaverses. So yes, we understand capitalism. However for Metaverses The Other Side, we like to focus on tech and untility.&nbsp;The point of that tangent was that trying to find non-price-talk news about metaverse can be challenging. Nonetheless, we did find some things to cover.Our first topic was a AR system called the Holo Kit X that started out as a opensource project. It could be a game changer for out door things like Larping. Time will tell what technologyget picked up. Heads up, we did go off on a tangent, but honestly if you have a Rumba and care about digital sovereignty, it might be worth the listen.We cover a couple more things like the Oculus Quest 2 collecting facial metrics in addition to other data and the German automaker Kia creating a virtual dealership. Will this earl mover advantage pay off? Honestly, we have no clue, lol.As usual, we do hope something we said gets you thinking and you'll make the effort to join us on our next live.MetaversalToolbox and some of the updates with Spacial, Horizon, and Hubs. If you don't know what they are check out the link below to the toolbox and explore the tools. Another thing to note, this list is a living list. Some things will be taken off because the tools are no longer open source or they are charging waaay more the it should be. And if you have any suggestion that could be added please reach out so we can vet it to be added to the toolbox.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralized data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SitelinkMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind, we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, FINtech, and more.VRChat VR Community Metaverse Trekkw2ks #3D virtualreality