---
title: "donfd38726abde01a4fc7970370b546088e21"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS Ep 16:Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 16: Is TheCallUp AR,, VR, Or A Metaverse Movie?In this week's episode we review the 2016 "gamer" movie The Call Up. In all honesty, we didn't remember this movie being in theaters or anything.&nbsp;Spoiler ALERT!!! During the Spaces, we do talk about the movie and go into some heavy details about certain scenes.In short, a group of gamers are recruited for a special beta test of the game. They learn pretty quick it's not a regular game and just quieting is not an option. It should be noted that these are kids. The players are fully ground adults. The players must fight their way through a series of increasingly difficult challenges, each more perilous than the last. But as they struggle to survive and unravel the secrets of the game, they begin to realize that they are pawns in a much larger and more sinister plot.Aside from the acting and storyline it self, for a 2016 movie there were some interesting visuals used to memic AR, VR, and even a metaverse environment. We liked some things but hated others.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralize data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SitelinkMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.RemoteWork VirtualOffice VirtualWorkPlace Trekkw2ks #3D SmartContracts&nbsp;