---
title: "ayia906746c7b09664d35985b0847f86d56a8"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS Youtube EP 4Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and other will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.#MTOS Ep 4: The Good, the bad, the options?In this ep we're exploring the subject of privacy. What does it mean in metaverses? Can it be done in a virtual world? If so how? We don't have all the answers but as you'll learn metaverses are some interesting places and you can do some pretty interesting things with the underlying technology. BTW, in this episode, you're watching the screen recording of 3D showing me his #SquidGame plot and me building a mushroom structure on the #SporeBaby plot in the #Uplift metaverse. Both are in Genesis world on plot locations&nbsp;3300x3400 (1st video clip) and 1850 x 1950 (2nd video clip). Feel free to explore share!!!Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsite:BuildRDAO sitelinkMetaverse Tool boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.#Metaverse #Web3 #NoCode #LowCode #Trekkw2ks #3Dhttps://app.restream.io/new-event-invitation/emVNMk0zWN-rktJny0oxj8HsaB6M5tU/email​