---
title: "ayia99a2a94579acc42ba866f4b66fd9701be"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS Youtube EP 3Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and other will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.#MTOS Ep 3: Do we really have to break the law to build truely decentralized #metaverses?We'd like to apologized for the audio. Twitter was rugging us for the first 15 mins. Nothing could be done with the audio so we had to cut it and use what we could. In this ep we're exploring the subject of what does decentralization really mean in metaverses. We ask the quesition "does building true decentralization in metaverses mean breaking the law? And if so how? As you hear we all belive in the tech but see different way to achive the end goal. We don't have all the answers but as you'll learn metaverses are some interesting places and you can do some pretty interesting things with the underlying technology. We hope leads folks to asking more questions and open disccusion around virtual reality.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsite:BuildRDAO sitelinkMetaverse Tool boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.#Metaverses #Web3 #NoCode #NoCode #Trekkw2ks #3Dhttps://app.restream.io/new-event-invitation/emVNMk0zWH05ej1rn0gOgKdAtdBJ0hQ/email