---
title: "donfd92d1d2dab5b94dd1bf8a41562c45fba8"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 11:Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 11: Did Johnny Nmenunoic Get the Metaverse Right?Episode 11 starts our journey into reviewing movies and TV shows (this includes anime) related to Metaverses. The idea was to look at old and new stuff and rate how close we are to what we see on the big and small screen. Basically, does the technology and/or experience match up with what we see in the world today? We looked at four categories UX, UI, hardware, and metaversal experience and used a binary rating system of 1 and 0. We hope you get the CS reference, lol.&nbsp;As we say, we're not CPAs, lawyers, or financial advisors. We're just two folks geeking out with whoever joins us on the lives, lol. More importantly, we feel reviewing this movie kind of opened us up to a new way of looking at metaverses, which we break down in the recording. Not to mention it was fun talking about a cyberpunk classic and breaking down scenes and what we didn't see/understand when first watching the movie in the 90s. We also had a good number of laughs about&nbsp;Keanu Reeves acting. It's crazy to see how far his career has come.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please checkout our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralize data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SitelinkMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.JohnnyMnemonic CyberSpace Trekkw2ks #3D OculusQuesthttps://app.restream.io/new-event-invitation/emVNMk0zWGOMncZt7kd5vFIEtCn1uaI/email