---
title: "x542s65ee23056e344047a92cf7c491c5fe76"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 8: Possible Hows And Points For Metavverse HackathonsWelcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.#MTOS Ep 8:&nbsp;Possible Hows and Point For&nbsp; Metaverse HackathonsIn this Ep, me and 3D get into the idea of hosting hackathons in a metaverse where you actually hack the metaversal environment.&nbsp; It's not just about making some MVP software product for commercial viability. Which arguably, that's what most of the hackathons are about now. It's not actually hacking but cheap R&amp;D for marketable products. Like we keep saying money is kool to pay the bills and all, but we're drawn into the space by the tech. We believe in the keeping digital agency. We like to tinker and break things. We do hope someone gets inspired by what we're talking about and or working on. As I keep saying, #WereNotTourists. As always, feel free to reach out if you have questions and or comments.Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsite:BuildRDAO sitelinkMetaverse Tool box (please help us keep tools like this available and open to all by adding it to your #IPFS storage or other decentralized stor platform you use. Much Thanks!)https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.#MetaverseHackathon #Hackathon #CaptureTheData #Trekkw2ks #3D #SmartContractshttps://app.restream.io/new-event-invitation/emVNMk0zWLyEFp9-_UxTrkgrsJUNg2Q/email