---
title: "donfdc5b19d7669bb4131a7512f5f28b5f164"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 17:Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.#MTOS Ep 17 Pt 1 &amp; 2: Is Tron Legacy Still A Metaverse Movie?&nbsp;Greetings to all and thanks for coming back. And if this is your first time watching us we hope you enjoy it. For those who are new to the channel, a few episodes back we did a review of Disney's (Yes, that was them) 1982 cyber classic Tron. Those those who remember that episode we were kind of surprised about deep Tron was. Well we finally warmed up to the idea of reviewing #TronLegacy to see if it holds up to the long shadow cast by the original.&nbsp;The Short answer is we were impressed by some things and questioning a number of other things. As a heads up to the new folks (who rarely read the description, lol. You can't say we didn't warn you.) And as per usual we geek out and go off into tangents generated from us recalling what we linked and disliked about the movie. Hopefully, we say something that gets you thinking about metaverses, technology, or just where you sit in all of this "web3", blockchain, 21 century wave of innovation.&nbsp;Last thing for those wonder. Yes, this is a twitter Space but your not seeing the Twitter site because we wanted to show something different. In some episodes you'll get repetitive GIFs&nbsp; and memes, while in others we'll be exploring various metaverses or showing some of our builds. The point is the visuals won't match the audio.&nbsp;As we say, we're not CPAs, lawyers, or financial advisors. We're just two folks geeking out with whoever joins us on the lives, lol. We don't do #PriceTalk and certainly can't predict the future, but we definitely see value building in metaverses and the growing adoption during this decade. Hopefully, we said something that helps you to traverse the coming changes.&nbsp;Please remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.UYxJLoTKqg494!_________________________________________Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that #cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralize data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!#BuildRDAO SitelinkMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.#RemoteWork #VirtualOffice #VirtualWorkPlace #Trekkw2ks #3D #SmartContractshttps://app.restream.io/new-event-invitation/emVNMk0zWKTru5RI2E3in8xZm9Mf5Lc/email