---
title: "donfdb3cd22b9c6b74274b326833de3f2c799"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

MTOS EP 15 Pt 1/2: Is Free Guy a Metaverse Movie or Nahhh?Welcome to Metaverses: The Other SideIn this show, we talk about non-blockchain and blockchain-related metaverses. We don't get into price talk, trading, or the speculative nature of the space. But, there are other content creators on TGOC network who do. So please take the time to explore those contributors. However, from time to time, we ramble off possible business models that can be applied to metaverses. In addition, we have conversations on everything from metaverse-related movies/TV shows to open-source no-code to code-ready tools. And how they can be used to design and build metaverses while combining technologies like smart contracts, NFTs, and DAOs to them.For those who wonder why the audio doesn't match what is being seen on the screen, it's because Twitter Spaces are like podcasts, just audio. So, we decided to play various content related to metaverses. Some videos will be of us exploring or building and others will be AI generated visual content. At the end of the day, we're just two cypherpunk guys on the Spaces geeking out about VR/AR, gaming, metaverses, and what it means to the future of the internet as part of web3.If you're interested in participating in the live conversation, join us on the @BuildRDAO Twitter Spaces at 8PM EST on Thursdays.MTOS Ep 15 Pt 1: Is FreeGuy a Metaverse Movie or Nahhh &#128683;?For today's episode we're reviewing the movie Free Guy starring Ryand Reynolds. It was suggested by friend of the Spaces Fred Brandon. Admittedly, we weren't sure about the movie when he first mentioned it but figured it was worth having the conversation. Since starting this campaign of reviewing of movies and TV shows centered around metaverses, we realized that our understanding virtual reality UI/UX didn't always match up with what pop-culture marketed as VR, not to mention the cinematic setting. But at the same time it made up question what we understood about AI and and it role in metaverses.We have to make an apology or two. One is for spoiler alert. We definitely talk about what happens in the movie. So if you haven't seen it, you might what to watch it first then watch this episode. which is a two-parter, by the way. That way you can make comments agreeing or disagreeing with what we say &#128540;. And second we apologize for the audio quality. Twitter was rugging us as usual. We even had to restart the Spaces because the delay was so bad. Nonetheless, we have enough of the good stuff left from post-production edit.As we say, we're not CPAs, lawyers, or financial advisors. We're just two dudes geeking out with whoever joins us on the BuildRDAO Spaces, lol. Last thing to mention is the graphics are a combo or promo shorts, the SporeBaby plot we designed and built in Uplift, and our MineTest metaverse (more details to come about that). Hopefully, we said something that gets you thinking about what is and can be in a metaverse.&nbsp;Remember we hold the live Spaces on Thursday @ 8PM EST.Thanks in advance.Find us on Twitter:@Trekkw2ks@__3D___@BuildRDAOWebsites:If you're a believer in decentralized and open source technology, please check out our sites. And if you're really about that cyberpunk life, we respectfully ask you to add these sites to whatever decentralize data storage platform you use to help keep the resources and information available to all. Thanks in advance!BuildRDAO SitelinkMetaverse Tool Boxhttps://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh&nbsp;Take Note:**None of this recording should be taken as legal or financial advice. Keep in mind,&nbsp; we're not a CPAs, financial advisors, or lawyers. We're just 2 guys on the internet geeking out about the metaverses and we don't do price talk. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**&nbsp;&nbsp;**The Gentleman of Crypto channel is a daily live broadcast that explores Bitcoin and cryptocurrency market. We discuss international topics, news updates, and future innovations in blockchain, digital currencies and assets, fintech, and more.ArtificialIntelligence Hollywood AugmentedReality Trekkw2ks #3D SmartContracts Movies VirtualReality FreeGuy