---
title: "ymav201454d6d69f744c2b8fb8e73813fd884"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

NearCon 3rd PostHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,As the saying goes I came, I saw, and I conquered...Welllll, not quiet &#129318;&#127998;&zwj;♂️.Here's the recap. About 24 hours ago, I had a 7 hr layover in #Ireland. Arguably more than enough time to run the streets of #Dublin. Unfortunately, I arrived on the tail end of a storm. It rained most of the morning, limited my ability to explore the city.&nbsp;However, I did achieve the majority of my layover goals.1️⃣&nbsp; Have a local dish. Had steak an potatoes with some other stuff. See picture. ✅2️⃣ Had a Guinness. TBH, I don't drink &#127866; enough to tell the difference between their local tap n what we get in the states.✅3️⃣ Smoke a local cigar brand. This a epic fail. The plan was to walk to a local shop but the rain cut that.&#128683;4️⃣ People watching &#128064;. From the little I did see and hear, it didn't seem like a city in morning for the &#128081;. Didn't see any flags or posters where I was. &#129300;Nonetheless, I came, I saw, and I did something.One day I'll go back to Dublin and do a better job at exploring. But for now my attention is back to #Lisbon and attending #NearCon.Which bring me an exciting developed while waiting my delayed flight. Some of members from the #BlkWeb3 scholars program signed up for Near's IRL hackathon. TBH, I have no clue what we'll build. "Luckily"&#129310;&#127999; for me, #Pagoda has a host of no/low code tools to build on Near. Which makes this an opportunity to learn while failing forward. And maybe win some prize money &#129297;, lol.Finally point, overnight success is bases on how hard you grind for the first 10 year. But most people give two shits about that of your trek. The previous statement was based on a question from the unofficial mentor @samsnon. So don't get caught up with the with the small minds who watch from the side lines.&nbsp;Just keep building.#Trekkw2ks #ThinkersandDoers #CryptoNomad #PortagualLinkedIn:&nbsp;link