---
title: "7vxqba898822f180e42729177c14e4e819b58"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

New Eventbrite WriteNew write up for 9.30.22Orignal:Digital realty isnl't just buying and selling land for metaverses but it's also creating, participating and using metaverses for various reasons. Rather you want to entertain your friends, gather employees (remote and local) for an online discussion, have a presentation, do live streams or even just market your products in a phresh and new way; Metaverses and Digital Realty are there.&nbsp;&nbsp;Digital realty can be created in the blink of an eye but knowing what makes a metaverse worth the jump into can be the difference between success and holding bags.&nbsp; Don't jump in without knowing a little metaversal history, examples of past versions that are still alive over 10 years later, learn how to use a cryptocurrency wallet to make purshaces or sells. Find out what to expect when starting your digital realty career!&nbsp;&nbsp;This is the first step into your next path of the digital world, becoming&nbsp; a Digital Realtor for a growing industry that's never been more popular than in recent times! Buy, Sell, Create, Own, Rent, Monetize and more can be in your wheel house of digital skills! Don't let the scams get you because this course also explains how to spot potential scams, how to determine which metaverse may be good for you and how to determine what plan of action to take depending on the type of metaverse and type of play that metaverse offers!&nbsp;&nbsp;**This is the first class of a multi-class seminar. This is the basics course to teach well, the basics of being a digital realtor. After the basics is the advanced course for higher skills to learn and understand.Redraft:In web3, DigitalRealty isn'tjust buying and selling digital land in metaverses. It's also about creating,participating, building, and using virtual spaces to meet ones needs and wants.For some, it's a new means of collective engagement. While for others, it's away of escapism. Moreover, for all, it presents new opportunities. Someexamples are building virtual communities, entertaining your friends, gathering employees (remote and local) for an online discussion, or projectcollaboration. All of this is possible and so much more. Maybe you have apresentation or do live streams (gaming, tutorials, yoga, etc.) Whether a solopreneur or a Fortune 500 company, metaverses can be used to market yourproducts in a new way or establish brand awareness.&nbsp;Yes! This can be done today in many metaverses.&nbsp;Today,virtual worlds can be created in just a few clicks without knowing how to code.But knowing what makes a metaverse worth jumping into can be the difference between success and holding the bag. In addition, knowing a little metaversal history helps more than you think. For example, metaverses existed before the first cryptocurrency, bitcoin. And non-crypto versions are still running over10 years later with thriving communities.&nbsp;Moreover,crypto is becoming integrated with metaverses. Hence, learning how to use a crypto wallet for purchases, sales, self-custody, best security practices, and asset management is necessary. However, as in the real world, nothing can be100% safe. Scams are a risk even in the digital world. In the course are examples of how to spot potential scams and determine which metaverse works best for you based on type and market ecosystem!&nbsp;&nbsp;This webinar is for those looking to take their first step into the digital world with no technical background. Once you understand the basics, you will see why being a Digital Realtor is more than applying real estate models to a metaverse. This industry is still growing, and the opportunities are there if you take the time to learn.&nbsp;&nbsp;Hopefully,wanting to learn and the opportunity to start a new career brought you to theDigital Realty webinar Metaverses: The Cliff Notes to Web3.&nbsp;Disclaimer:&nbsp;*This is the first of a multi-class seminar covering the rudimentary elements of metaverses concerning what is described in the series as a DigitalRealtor.After the basics are the advanced seminar for higher skills and systems to learn based on understanding taking this introductory webinar.&nbsp;*It is strongly recommended that you practice&nbsp;DUE DILIGENCE&nbsp;before spending time, effort, and money in any metaverse.&nbsp;*Trekk and 3D (presenters) CAN NOT guarantee&nbsp;your ability to make any profit based on the information provided during this or any future webinar/course. Moreover, Trekkand 3D take no responsibility or liability in how you act on the educational information provided in the webinar and/or slide deck.&nbsp;*By signing up for this webinar, you take all tax, financial and legal responsibilities and obligations in how you implement the information.&nbsp;