---
title: "2dvls6edaee49da384ca5b175e93520e987e8"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Panel Questions BIW20191. What is blcockchain for the people or baltimore?2. What is it for the government of Baltimore?3. What business opportunities are really available when you understand blcockchain?4. Can the application of blcockchain technology fix all the issues of Baltimore?5. What can the city gov do to be more active in the national and international&nbsp; converstation?6. What can the local do to not be passed over on the way to NY, DC, or Philly and be a more recognized city in the scene.7. Where can ppl start learning about the technology&nbsp;8. Is Baltimore ready for blockchain?9. What are some applications of blcokchain that work now. Early stages or not10. How much do you see business models changing in the coming years?11. Will the legislation get better in the US or worst for business based on the technology&nbsp;12. What is the most important thing you believe the audience should know about this new industry?13. What advantages would the ppl of Baltimore have in adopting the technology compared to other cities?14. What made you decide to get into the blockchain field&nbsp; career wise?15. Can a city like Baltimore stay relevant to the east coast with out having some level on blcokchain adoption?16. What can the local business community to keep up with the times when it comes to understanding the tech and what it could mean for their business models?17. How can the schools start working to get the kids ready for the coming change?18. Why is there such a slow rate of blockchain/cryptos in the US in general?19. What country or city is doing it the best way for mass adoption?20. Name 1 thing blockchain get a bumn rap for?21. Name 1 thing that annoys you about blockchains.22. Would blcokchain have stopped the ransom where from happing?