---
title: "ymav2ff19c1bd34c746bb95b121d849ae79c4"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Post 2 Trek To TearCon⚠️⚠️⚠️ This maybe trigger for some ⚠️&#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️⚠️&#129335;&#127998;&zwj;♂️⚠️Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,It's been said, the universe has its own timing and an ironic sense of humor.&nbsp;More on that to come.And so, my trek to #NearCon has begun. As most international travelers know, #layovers come with the territory. My first layover will be in #Ireland. #Dublin has been on my unofficial travel bucket list for years, lol. And thanks to kind folks at #Blk@, #BlkW3b and @ Near Foundation accepting me into the #ScholarsProgram, I have the opportunity to visit&#128513;. Admittedly, it's only for a few hour, but I'm counting it as a visit.Btw, if you missed the 1st post about why I'm crossing the middle passage by sky, catch up here &#128073;&#127998;&nbsp; ekkw2ks_meme-hoochiedaddyshorts-lisbon-activity-6974047940604485632-aJv5?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=member_desktop.Now, remember what I said about the universe. Well, here's where it come into play. With my layover being in Dublin, I could grab a local pint of #Guniness, some local food, n find a smoke shop to burn a local cigar brand.And then the universe added a new reason to people watch. This week the #QueenofEngland passed. And TBH, yes death is a sad thing in general, but my awareness of history and her impact on my a family just 3 generations back didn't allow for much sympathy. However, her death marks the ending of an era. More over, from what I hear some folks have been in celebration.The point of this ramble is thanks to the universe's timing and humor. I'm able to witness this historical moment of people's reaction.Nonetheless, if you're in Lisbon this week, let's catch up for ☕ n people watch.#Trekkw2ks #portugal #cryptonomad #P0verBLinkedIn:link