---
title: "swplk0bafdf87c00840d89b708d818438c3ce"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Recap of 4th Twitter SpacesHola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,Another #TwitterSpace has come and gone. And it still amazes me with each convo we discovery new facets of building in metaverses and by extension the bigger development of web3.In this Space we explored the question "is no-coding (building) @ layer one possible?" The short answer is yes. But the devil is in the details.4th Twitter Space Takeaways:1️⃣ #OpenSource tools are available for people to build in web3 with little to no coding skill. But access to these resources is still underused because of people's awareness.&nbsp;2️⃣ Web3 skills include but aren't limited to using crypto wallets, managing seed phrases, and signing transactions.&nbsp;3️⃣&nbsp; Privacy in metaverses will be a thing. We'll explore that topic next Sunday. You should join us.4️⃣ Metaverses will follow the path of websites . Most users will only experience a small fraction of the overall space. As there is a #DarkWeb there will a #DarkVerse.5️⃣ Web3 is currently at the #LowCode phase with the &#127754; moving towards 100% no code. At that point the alpha &#128176; will be gone. Which means there's still time to get in and learn.There's more but I don't feel like typing any more. It's late and I'm tired. And I'm sharing the link so you can listen instead of read. Here's the replay link &#128073;&#127998;&nbsp;link.&nbsp;Oh and for the #ThinkersandDoers who like to tinker here's the #metaverse &#129520; link &#128073;&#127998;&nbsp;https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWZ4ZoMuVHSTaXraeFPhEQAD8fR6Dmpu8GTSNdArWY1Lh.Btw here's the link for the next #DigitalRealty Space on 8.28.2022https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1ynJOZMzjQQGRAnd here's link for the Digital Reality webinar @ Bit.ly/Nocodeneeded#Trekkw2ks #P0verB #Eventbrite #technology #PayAttention