---
title: "xpm2x4dfffe64219e4ca4a1ca9da7c5b6da6f"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

SC 6.26.22IntroWelcome to Simple Crypto. We cover everything going on within the blockchain environment. From explainers of the underlaying technology to how-to's e,&nbsp; of information that you can understand.Topic: What is Community Topic?Considering what's coming to light about lending companies like Celsius, Blockfi, 3AC and the subject of this episode Solend DAO. The question of what is community policing is arguably&nbsp; underpace right now with a liquidity financing issues. I think that is very relevant for right Especially with what happened with Solend DAO over the weekend? (Date timeline)We're looking at the Realm site for Solend DAO and. The vote that just weekend, which was put out on a Sunday morning. And here you have it.We're not concerned with this one. Here. It is actually these two here. with the first one. What happened is this. A who is a whale is considered someone who has a sizeable position within a crypto asset right?So whether it be a coin or token, and we're talking like millions and if not sometimes hundreds of millions of worth. And so there was a whale. Who had. A very sizeable position in SOL tokens themselves.is a lending platform that is within the Solana ecosystem it is the largest lending platform within within the Solona ecosystem. And so this whale, had a sizable proportion of soul tokens and the way that it looks.Right now is they were not able to liquidate. That position that they had, which means they were not able to cash out. Out. And so what they then did. Was deposit. Their position of. Soul tokens. Onto the soul lend platform. And then took out. Alone. In. To stable coins, USD. And U S D T. Now because of the size.Of their position. It was over 90% of the soul. Within the solar wind. Which then comes into the issue of F the. Price of soul itself, which. Worked as the basis for the solar and plant. Platform went under. That means that then the solar token will go under. It, which then meant that the.Loan that was taken using the solar. And tokens as the collateral to get the stable coins. That would then go under because they would have to liquidate. It. And since the Lennon platform in regards to solar, And has a automatic. Liquidation process. Because they use smart contracts. The issue then turns into.To F. The price of soul goes too low because of what's going on in the overall crypto market right now, which some. Some would label that we are in a crypto winter. Then it would automatically liquidate that Wells position. Which would then make a cascading effect to any of the other exchange. Changes that we're large liquidation happened again. This. It was over 90% of the platform's position for soul. So it would be a very big issue. Because this would be on chain and everyone could see it. And. So the team, the hind Solon decided, Hey.Let's do something to take action. And prevent. Preventing this possible situation from happening. Again, This is not a guarantee that it was going to happen. This is a possible scenario. Scenario. And so someone within the team. Decides let's put this towards the community. From what I've seen in the Twitter post and some of the threads.Threads here. They didn't have a actual governing governor. Governance voting process before this. And so this. Was spun up. So to say last minute, and it decided. To put it in front of the community. Now here. Here as you see is what they're proposing that they do. And the basic idea is take control of the account.Which basically means going in and. Rewriting the smart contract or they had a. Possible. What did they call it? The developer is key. To turn. On or turn off or reverse a feature. Or. Or a function that was within the contract. And that. Technical of what they are, how. They were going to do it. Wasn't disgusting.Any of this proposal. Here, which is the S L N D one mitigate risks. From well, All they're saying is. This is what the situation is. We need to figure out how to mitigate. Mitigate it, what we think we should do is take control of the. Account right now. And then liquidate. The position. Manually using OTC.Which is over the counter. The over-the-counter. To training process. What happens in that is. Instead of doing it on chain. Where everyone could see it. And it would have a definite impact on the market. The OTC part of it. Would be where. They were basically doing it in. A funding pool or a pool.That was not, lively, active. To the net to the protocol. Sorry to the block. Blockchain. Or to any of the exchanges. And so that way. The liquidation would not affect. The price of soul. It wouldn't be. Seen in the market where everyone could look at it, if it was on chain, which is what would happen if the.The smart contract did it's automatic liquidation. Process. So here you have it. The. The team, as far as the developers. Meet this. I would argue to me, this would argue that. They have. The ability. To take action. If they wanted to quote, fix a potential. Situation again, this was all a possibility. This was not what actually happened.This was them looking to be proactive as. As opposed to reactive. F the price would have dropped. And there would have been a liquidation going on because of how the smart. Contract was initially set up. Now. Basically. Most of the folks initially. Voted on this. And, interesting how realm is set.Up where you can go through and read the comments and see who voted on what. What the. The vote. Is interesting because. This is. Where the issue comes into play about this vote situation here. Here, over a million votes. And this. It gets posted on Twitter. What then happens is it comes out.That. There was one other whale. Who also had a sizeable position who literally deposited. Soul tokens on the platform to be able to get. More than a million votes to then vote, to say yes, take control of the account. Yes, liquidate that other person. Person or liquidate the other account. We don't know if a single individu.Individual person, and that was. Was all over Twitter. Because that just didn't. Sit well, or didn't look well. When we talk about community. Policing community policing on the end of, if you see people doing outright. Right wrong. You have it that the community will voice their opinion. And then there's the voting mechanism, as far as this governance style.Where you can say yes or no to something. Now. If you take away the 1 million. Volt person, arguably the numbers would still be that. But majority of the people voted yes to this. But. But if you think about it, as far as on the technical Side. At least in my opinion, on this.They still had the ability to do this without. The votes. The votes didn't matter. The votes were. Our public optics. In my opinion. And let's jump over to the second. One, the first of all happens. It goes. Through, the. It goes through a. Number of threads on Twitter, people are asking all kinds of questions, Solon.And is getting dragged through all of Twitter. And basically. Basically it comes down to. This isn't fair. It doesn't. It make sense how you're doing it. You guys literally didn't have a governance. Voting before this, and now all of a sudden you do, and then you don't make the vote actual 24 hours or 48 hours things.It's literally only a couple of hours. And as it was pointed out, you. We're down for half of the hours. How has this actually transparent? Errancy how has this actually copacetic? For saying. This is about the community. Being able to have a direct. Voice. Again, It wasn't at the community. We brought this up. It is the team behind Solon that brought.This to the community. Even though, technically they could have did the action without involving the community. In any type of vote. The vote itself, doesn't actually affect the contr. Contract as far as if the people voted yes. With the contract automat. Automatically turn off and not do. It's an automated function.No, the contract would have still functioned the same way. And so what's happening now is. The vote. I got overturned by a second. Vote. That was basically. S L N D two, invalidates SNL D one and increase. Increases the voting time. Basically, they said, Hey, we can do a 24 hour one. One, we're going to step back on this again. None of this actually.Actually affects the function of the value of the smart. Contract. This is just for the optics.Technically, they can still do. Do what they initially proposed to do. And so that's. That's basically the idea of what's been going on in the solar, in situate. and why? So Lana is getting the shadow on this because they've had their last couple of months. Situations of downtime within their blockchain.And so here you have this platform that is also on a salon and having its own. Own issue. And showing transparency and taking preemptive actions. That show the level of centralization in what is. Been marketed as a de centralized. Lending platform based on a de-centralized. Blockchain. Now. The community.As they are. Let's say. Say loyal to a fault. There are definitely a number. Of people who still believe in this. Blockchain in this project, including. Including the lending platform. And at this stage of it, I think that the second vote shows. Based on the public outcry that was going on Twitter.That. The community. Didn't. Didn't agree with what was the team's idea of how things should be done? Because arguably this is a slippery slope. Once you make a decision to take an action. Like this based on whatever rationale and reasoning. It only takes one more event. To then come. Come up with another reason why you should take action again.And it's like a cascade. Cascading effect.Do our, will we. We know if this was the better of the two options. I'm not a hundred percent certain. But I do question on the end of. Community policing. Was the initial vote that was put up by the community by. The team to the community and example of community policing. Leasing. Or was the communities outreach?Outrage, which then prompted the company or solar. Colin platform to do a second. Governance vote. The. Truer or better version. Or, exercising of community policing. Where the community. He said, no, we don't like that. You're actually going to look to take. Take some take control of someone's account, liquidate their.Position. 'cause Denon comes into question. What stops. Stops you from doing it again. And what stops you from doing it to smaller? Color accounts. Again, We're in this. Funny market situation right now of what is being. Called the crypto winter. Arguably. These are the right conditions for platforms to save themselves.Bye. Taking advantage of accounts through whatever voting. Voting mechanism or just not even doing it and taking the control of the accounts. And doing what they need to do.I will leave it there. I do hope. That you have a better understanding of what has been going on with Solon. And how it connects to Solana and what the well position is. Is at the end of the day. All of these things are connected. All.Okay.For the recap of this. The basic idea is. A well, took out a large position. The platform. Form. We're scared that position would get too low because of the. The token sole token to Solana token that it was based. On which would then affect their platform. And so they. As the team decided to take preemptive action to prevent the possible scenario.Of. There. Of the market crashing. Because. Because the Solano value itself went down as a token. The community initially voted. Yes. But then there was question in regards. As to who voted. Who was the whale who put in. A million. Worth in Solano. To get. Get position in Solon to be able to have a million votes.Yeah. And then there was question on whether actual team members were able to vote to. No, one's really clear on. On that there's a lot of murkiness that goes into the. There's a lot of questions around transparency. ANSI in this scenario. And so here you have it now. Now that there was a second proposal put out because the.The community just didn't like how it was going. And it was a lot. Public outcry on Twitter. And other social media platforms. And they had to come up with another vote to reverse the initial vote, or at least make it invalid. And so now you have it. That again, even though this governance votes, it plays.It doesn't mean they technically still can't enforce. The initial intention, which was to take control of the account. And liquidate the position now, what would be the third? Version. Of community policing at this point. It would be the liquidity providers. The people who are actually making the deposits.To pull out of the platform, pull out of the Solon lending platform and. Then take their capital someplace else. Not saying that's what they'll. Do, and that would also be another option. to show community policing.And I'll leave it on that one again, this. This is simple crypto. I am Trek with suitcase and, I hope you have a day until the next one.I cut that bitch.&nbsp;