---
title: "lq10144269d9c3721402bb81c654c30706614"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Support for DevConHola Hola Katherine and Bridget,I hope your week has been going well.&nbsp;As you both may know DevCon is coming up and will be held in Colombia this year. I am reaching out to those in my network for support to attend the conference.&nbsp; If no one from the Storj Institute will be there I would like to take the roll of being Storj presence on the ground. This would be in return of receiving an event ticket and place to stay. (asking too much)As a mentions in the podcast proposal, attending hackathons would be a great source of topics to cover with in decentralization and web3. I would also be able to do some vlogging about the event and highlighting the Institute's support in being there.&nbsp; In addition, it would help us&nbsp; find&nbsp; future guess for the podcast that Christine, Cryptoblood, and Crypto Bea J are working on.&nbsp; The first episode will be out soon!I would greatly appreciate your consideration of this.2nd Version"Hola Hola, Katherine, and Bridget,I hope your week has been going well.As you both may know, DevCon is coming up and will be held in Colombia this year. I am reaching out to those in my network for support to attend the conference. If no one from the Storj Institute will be there, I would like to be Storj's presence on the ground. This would be in return for an event ticket and place to stay. (asking too much)As I mentioned in my podcast proposal, attending hackathons would be a great source of topics to cover in decentralization and web3. I would also create content about the event and highlight the Institute's support in being there. In addition, it would help us find future guests for the podcast that Christine, Cryptoblood, and Crypto Bea J are working on. The first episode will be out soon!I greatly appreciate your consideration of this and look forward to hearing from you."3rd VersionI hope your week has been going well.I am reaching out to those in my network for support to attend DevCon Oct 11 - 14. It will be held in Bogota, Colombia, this year. I would like to propose the following. If no one from the Storj Institute will be there, I would like to be Storj's presence on the ground. This would be in return for an event ticket and place to stay. A general admission ticket and lodging would be about $1000.As I mentioned in my podcast proposal, with the focus being decentralization and web3, attending hackathons is a must. Attending DevCon's world-renowned hackathons would be a great source of topics to explore, coming directly from the under-represented thinkers and builders of these disruptive technologies. I could also create additional content about the event and highlight the Institute's support in being there. In addition, it would help us find future guests for the podcast that Christine, Cryptoblood, Crypto Bae J, and I are working on. Which works towards better educating the public about the technology and advocating for it. However, if there is something else that would be more helpful to Storj, please let me know.&nbsp;I greatly appreciate your consideration of this and look forward to hearing from you.