---
title: "7vxqb7d62cc2e40fe4f4dbf547e780accd33d"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Time of Lisbon tripNEAR Con 2022 Sept 10 - 15 ( includes the travel) Time lineSaturday - Left BWI for Iceland. connecting flight took less that 1 hr.- flew to dublin for 8 for layover- lots of rain. only got to get food but no cigarsSunday (night) - missed the opening night of the conference- got to hotel by 1030. still had to record and edit for TGoC- meet Mariah, Russel n Rusty, n Sam when looking for food. followed them to after conference after party-Run into Wilson n Clintion at opening party for conference.- Met JT Far nd Few market place-Met Prat n Kenny build project on NEAR for music n film industry (need to get contact for them)- Met Konard from Belgum. works for&nbsp; exchange. maybe worth a follow up for CBTV sponsorship- didn't eat till about 3am. Had local version of a reverse suasgage pizza- made it back to hotel after 4 amMonday- made it to NEARCON.- met some of the other scholars. (it was like hearding cats, like i said, lol)- the hacker space was dope but the hours of operation were like they said it would be.- Met Flip from Rehydr8. Follow up for CBTV- meet Sampson from Brave irl. we talk for a while.- Run into Nicole Tay. She's supporting NEAR hackathons through Banyan Collective- "joined" hackathon project with MARiah and Sam through DevPost (NEAR hacathon/bounty portal)- had dinner with Bianca (she live in Bmore)- Found the hooka spot. Chinado joined. we talked about what he's dooing in Nigeria with his newletter, media company, and Nandi-Pick street is really a pick street. club only took cash. hung out with Ikkechi, 0X Nah (from kansass). Ran into Sam and the rest of the degens in the streets.- had local street food. Cold hamburgers are great at 3 AM, lol.Tuesday&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Didn't make it back to the conf. definitely playing catch from the late night.- Got to me meet Nami at breakfest. She is a full stack coder. works for a company in LA.- Met Mable too. She's from Essex in UK. She is a Data scientist. Works for a company that does data anylasis of customer experience.- Nami, Kareem, Mabel, Toniida and Shantell did a hack project for collecting crypto dust and converting into a coin- Saba had cocktail event. Rusty &amp;River spoke about RHouse, Ikkechi spoke about Tribl, Chinado spoke about Nandi,- Met Shartell. Live in Lisbon and created a black expat group.- Spoke with Russll, He's cofounder of project called 40Acres. It was his first time out the country.- Talked with Toniida and Kareem about the technical short comings of NEAR protocal- Talked with Ikkechi about his investment platform Tribl- Most of the crew had cherryshots after Saba event. Origin for the phrase #shout out the the Airdrops.- walked to a place to eat but it was closed. guy named Predo set us up to eat at a local african spot. was there from midnight to 230. the food was great and we were live, lol- left there and went to a club called Docks. They definitely looked to over charge us for stuff. There is lost of micro aggression stuff that happens to you as a american. I left early with Bianca- got in by 0400AMWednesday - Did the African Ancentory tour. it rain for most of the tour but it was worth learning the history. the full context of Portugal role in the slave trade. lots of walking the streets. lots of history- Ended the tour eacting at a local restuarant. the food was great. Mambo- took the opportunity to talk with Tanaka (lives in Auston). He knows about Edward Burneys. Is a whale investor and has a traditional acting background.- Didn't make it back to NEARCon closing day- Hung out with Nami for a lil. Went to restuarnt called Legacy. they tried to feed us burgers and wings. just drank sangria. Russell showed.- we to the offical closing after party for NearCon. Talked more with Kareen. He helped great the Troy Lanes NFT (small world) He's only been coding for about 2 years.- left that place and went to Lust. Didn't feel like paying. Stayed outside and met a guy named Keith from the states. He wants to do a show on TGoC. Gave him a idea. Time will tell if he uses.- got in about 3ishThursday - started the day slow. had late breakfast and made it out just in time for check out.- got tattoo. it was inspired by the history of Lisbon. a number of the convos I had with people n getting more confirmations that learning to code is a must for the technical freedom I want in the space.not to mention, the money and mobility of mobile work.- didn't get the cigars- flight was delayed but the didn't make any annoucments about it.Side Notes (things of interest)replacement of windows before winterhomeless population does look like in the statesthe graphitti is everywheresaw a symble that looked like a crowd.time of travel was the same week as Queen Elizabeth dying.No one cared in Dublin. no pictures or flags.