---
title: "l827we6939084b36c401ca8184cdde015557a"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Todd's Way Of DeFiNo worries.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am most familiar with Ethereum, so I will cover that blockchain.&nbsp;You need to have something to interact with the blockchain. I just use Metamask . It's a plug-in for your browser. With Metamask, you can use it as your interface connecting your Hardwallet, i.e. Trezor, with the blockchain.&nbsp; So my assets remain on my hard wallet unless I interact with the smart contract and sign off on the transaction.&nbsp;Once you have Metamask, or a similar app, set up. Then you can interact with the Blockchain.&nbsp; You just need to connect to the dApp. If you want to make a trade on Uniswap.&nbsp; Read this: Trade on Uniswap.Of course there are other things you can do, such as Provide liquidity.&nbsp; There are a lot of risks providing liquidity, but also rewards, depending on the token.&nbsp; Read this: How to provide Liquidity&nbsp;&nbsp;Also, you can lend/borrow assets.&nbsp; I found a good guide for link. But there are quite a few different dApps similar to Compound with similar actions. Read this: How to Lend/Borrow with Compound&nbsp;I know you are aware that risks will be involved.&nbsp; There are a lot of scams out there. Also when providing liquidity, there is a risk called "Impermanent loss", you should consider before doing an LP.&nbsp;When trying it out, you may have to accept the higher gas fees for relatively small amounts.&nbsp; I would suggest trying things out earlier in the morning 6:00-9:00ish. I find gas prices seem to be lower at these times. As well as during the weekends.&nbsp;&nbsp;Once you go DeFi though, you will love it. Cutting out third parties is huge. I think I will explore some of the other chains as gas prices got quite high recently.&nbsp; Some of the other options I am aware of are:&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;1) Binance Smart Chain - I personally don't do much with BSC due to Binance in general being shady and&nbsp; &nbsp; having a lot of pump and dump coins.&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;2)&nbsp; Polygon (Matic) - via Quickswap.&nbsp; This is an Ethereum Layer 2 option. Matic has done very well the past few weeks because I think people are looking at Polygon as a solution to the Ethereum gas fee problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;3) Avalanche - is another option, but its still early days with the blockchain. It has an Ethereum bridge, but I haven't traded on it yet.&nbsp;There are most likely others.&nbsp; I'm just not familiar with them.&nbsp;I hope this helps, let me know if you have any questions.