---
title: "2cxiidf1ba3e784534dd9a5601cbe93250050"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Untitled   Hey Celene,Thanks for getting back to me.&nbsp;So there are 1 or 2 sentences that need adjusting. I was off on the ticket out can you place it at 100.&nbsp;I'm working on getting some food sponsors. Hope to have that squared away by the end of the week.&nbsp;In and a question about that too. Using my company as a sponsor, does that go to a general fund pool or is that for my event I'm particularAlso will I be able to promote the Event Bright link by the end of the week?       What Is Blockchain For Baltimore: Putting Content in Context     Presented By: Trekk Smart Consulting and Jaime Arroyave              A discussion about Blockchain, Digital Assets and Emerging Technology with panelists that are working in the space. We will be hosting an interactive panel on Blockchain, Digital Assets and Emerging technology, that will be discussing how people are actually making a living in this industry and what the future entails. We will also be discussing the business opportunities and roles that Baltimore will and can play in this industry. Jaime Arroyave will moderate the panel. The panelists include Samson Williams of Axes&amp; Eggs, Cheree Warrick of Black Blockchain Consultants, and Jim Kyung-Soo Liew, Ph.D.                 Schedule/Agenda:       We are going to have a brief&nbsp;discussion about what is happening and the goal of Baltimore Innovation Week 2019. We will then have a brief chat from our host Startup Nest and what they do then some additional words from our sponsors. After those chats will begin to have our paneled discussion from&nbsp;with our invitees.                 Speakers:                 Jaime Arroyave, Moderator                 Samson Williams, Axes and Eggs          My superpower is helping smart and amazing people be more smart and amazing. How? By making strategic execution possible by doing the little stuff so leadership can focus on the big stuff. It's like running a marathon. The 26.2 miles isn&rsquo;t what stops you, it&rsquo;s the pebble in your shoe. I clear the pebbles between effort and success. How can I help you be successful?                 Cheree Warrick, Black Blockchain Consultants          Black Blockchain Consultants is a network of blockchain novices and seasoned professionals who collaborate to understand blockchain technology, where it&rsquo;s headed, and how we can profit from the $3.1 trillion industry. We recognize the power and potential of Blockchain and are utilizing our network to educate, empower, and equip our members for the greatest transfer of wealth since the creation of the internet. We are one of few networks working to utilize the power of Blockchain to close the wealth gap.                 Jim Kyung-Soo Liew, Sokat          SoKat Consulting, LLC was founded by Susan An and Jim Liew in 2014. SoKat creates world-class Machine Learning / AI and Blockchain products and services primarily servicing government agencies, institutional investors, academic institutions, and select-startups.                 Target   &nbsp;   Audience:          Anyone in the DMV that is interested in learning about Blockchain and Emerging technology.                 For more information about this event, please contact Trekk at trekksmartconsulting@protonmail.com                 About Trekk Smart Consulting:       Trekk Smart Consulting LLC provides beginner to advance education, real-world application, and business solutions base on blockchain technology. The founder Trekk delivers content in context to individuals, small business, and large enterprises by way of writing articles, public speaking, private consultations, and host the podcast Trekken Cryptos 2 Connect. Learn more at trekksmartconsulting.com