---
title: "75cqrb5570e3bd68d455584b83207ba26d54b"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Vlog ClosersTuesday:Are you interested in learning about the evolution of the digital financial infrastructure? Check out what AltSchool is doing with Middlesex University.&nbsp; #systemup #PGcertificate&nbsp;linkDon't forget to #checkin on your people. And its not just about family. #voicemail #textmsg #email #zoomcall #facetime #phonecall #heavyplates.Friday:#talkischeapHow many lives can be changed for the better #1Generation?That's the question Tyrone Ross Jr. is working to answer be totally revamping how and where financial literacy is taught to our young folks and economically people.If your interested follow the link: https://www.gofundme.com/f/learn-to-moneyDon't forget to #checkin on your people. And its not just about family. #voicemail #textmsg #email #zoomcall #facetime #phonecall #heavyplates. As I mentioned, Friday Nov 6, 2020. I'll be&nbsp; a part of a panel talking about "#BlockchainandBlacksInDiaspora". As I've been saying for a while now on my #ThursdayBlackness vlogs. There are more than 100 of us, lol.Register here to tap in the convo.#NigeriaFintechWeek&nbsp;##talkischeapHow many lives can be changed for the better #1Generation?That's the question Tyrone Ross Jr. is working to answer be totally revamping how and where financial literacy is taught to our young folks and economically people.If your interested follow the link: https://www.gofundme.com/f/learn-to-moneyDon't forget to #checkin on your people. And it's not just about family. #voicemail #textmsg #email #zoomcall #facetime #phonecall #heavyplatesMonday:If your looking for a change in career or getting into #remotework related to #BlockchainandCrypto checkout cryptojobslist.comDon't forget to #checkin on your people. And its not just about family.#voicemail #textmsg #email #zoomcall #facetime #phonecall #heavyplates Thursday:#100BlacksInBlockchain. Please help grow the list.Thanks for the list Deidra McIntyre https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QH9W6ncpj10v9n3_jXCWYt4aUykiZZUojiZsMMXqDvc/edit?usp=drivesdk#talkischeap This is what I supportThe10kprohect.com&nbsp;And Tavonia Evans Guapcoin.orgRemember, do your #research before committing to anything. Don't forget to #checkin on your people.#voicemail #textmsg #email # #zoomcall #facetime #phonecall #heavyplates Wednesday&nbsp; 2:If you're interested in exploring a world where #VR crosses #blockchain and #crypto. Checkout Decentraland 's up coming events. The best part, your free to explore, no crypto need.https://events.decentraland.org/en/Don't forget to #checkin on your people.#voicemail #textmsg #email #zoomcall #facetime #phonecall #heavyplates #doorbell #talkischeap Thursday:These are two of the projects I support&nbsp;The10kprohect.comAnd Tavonia Evans Guapcoin.orgRemember, do your #research before committing to anything. Don't forget to #checkin on your people.#voicemail #textmsg #email # #zoomcall #facetime #phonecallHelp Link:#howcanihelp Thursday's still open till the end of July. Here's the link:Calendly.com/trekksmartconsulting/howcanihelp Don't forget to #checkin on your people. And its not just about family.#voicemail #textmsg #email #zoomcall #facetime #phonecall #heavyplates.