---
title: "7i6tt16bca580055444f7a8955dc9d6ba51f1"
date: 2023-01-01
draft: false
tags: ["zoho-import"]
---

Weekend Crypto 6.23.23Hola Hola GnGs &#128406;&#127998;,&nbsp;I'm Trekkw2ks. If you're new to my segment #WeekendCrypto, thanks for taking the time to tap in. The basic idea is I cover events related to crypto that happen over the weekend, between Friday and Sunday. This isn't about price talk but giving context to events happening in the space. For the regular #warriors much thanks for continuing to watch the show.For those interested in following a story, here are the links:$2,300,000,000,000 Asset Management Giant Registers for Crypto Custody License in France - The Daily HodlOne of Europe&rsquo;s largest asset-servicing groups has recently been granted the license by the financial market regulator Autorit&eacute; des March&eacute;s Financiers (AMF) to provide crypto custody services in France.&nbsp;$2,300,000,000,000 Asset Management Giant Registers for Crypto Custody License in France - The Daily HodlOne of Europe&rsquo;s largest asset-servicing groups has recently been granted the license by the financial market regulator Autorit&eacute; des March&eacute;s Financiers (AMF) to provide crypto custody services in France.&nbsp;https://dailyhodl.com/2023/06/25/2300000000000-asset-management-giant-registers-for-crypto-custody-license-in-france/linkhttps://dailyhodl.com/2023/06/24/supreme-court-sides-with-coinbase-in-first-ever-crypto-company-case-to-reach-the-top-level-of-the-us-judiciary/https://u.today/ripple-cto-ends-speculation-on-10-billion-xrp-buybackSocial Media:Just put "Trekkw2ks" in any search engine. All my social comes up.@BuildRDAO#SelfCustody #NatWestBank #CapitalFlightControls #Coinbase #France #Ripple #XRP #Trekkw2ksPLEASE LIKE, COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!**Remember, I'm just some bald headed guy on the internet. I'm not a CPA, Financial Advisor, or lawyer. None of what is said in this show should be taken as legal or financial advice, for entertainment purposes only. Always do your own due diligence.**